Supported development teams for all the database related issues and handled the critical issues like network failures and ASM DISK group errors. 
Generated Statspack/AWR reports using OEM 12C from Oracle 11g database and analysed the reports for Oracle wait events, time consuming SQL queries, tablespace growth, database growth. 
Used Explain Plan, Oracle hints and creation of new indexes to improve the performance of SQL statements. Involved in SQL Query tuning and provided tuning recommendations to Application jobs, time/CPU consuming queries 
Coordinated maintenance activities including shutdown and startup of db's and ec2 instances 
Completed RDS backups before and after maintenance activities including upgrades and patching
More than six years of experience in the IT industry as an Oracle Database Administrator (DBA), having extensive experience in production support, installation, configuration, upgrades, cloning, space management and database security management with Oracle Software on Red Hat Linux, Solaris, IBM AIX, and Windows platforms. 
Possess high competency in advanced DBA skills such as backup, recovery and performance tuning. 
Good exposure with Configuring Single Instance, Oracle Real Application Clusters (RAC) and Automatic Storage Management (ASM). 
Experience in installing and patching Oracle RAC with ASM on IBM AIX, Solaris and Linux platforms. 
Expertise in setting up Data Guard Failover, Switchover and Read-Only scenarios. Fabricated multiple Clone databases using the traditional method and Recovery Manager (RMAN) utility for high availability configuration. 
Good exposure with Oracle DBA tasks like Installation, Patching, Cloning and Upgrading of Oracle Databases and Grid Infrastructure. 
Extensive knowledge of database backup and recovery strategy using RMAN and configuration of Recovery Catalog for multiple databases. 
Performed periodic backups, both full and incremental, and restoration recovery of database using the RMAN utility. 
Exposure to SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Profiles, SQL Monitoring, SQL Access Advisor, SQL Baselines, SQLTXTRACT tools and utilities. 
Installed Oracle 10g and 11g RAC software with ASM and Oracle Cluster File System, Version 2 (OCFS2) on RHEL and HP-UX. 
Experience in migration of Non-RAC database to RAC, RAC to Non-RAC using RMAN, RCONFIG and DBCA. 
Experience with adding and deletion of Nodes in RAC. 
Experience with upgrading databases from 10g and 11gR2 to 12c. 
Work with Oracle Advanced Technologies like Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control, Oracle Streams, Data Guard and Real Application Clusters. 
Implemented and configured replication technology using Data Guard installation, configuration and troubleshooting on Linux and UNIX Platforms. 
Implemented different Backup and Recovery strategies using RMAN, Complete and Incomplete Recovery of databases during database crash, disk/media failure, etc. 
Extensively used RMAN DUPLICATE to clone/duplicate target database and restore Tablespace Point-in-Time Recovery (TSPITR). 
Efficiently implemented logical backups using tools like Oracle Data Pump Export/Import and Classic (Original) Export/Import. 
Experience with applying security and quarterly (PSU & CPU) patches to the databases. 
Cloning Oracle Application from PROD to DEV, TEST, and UAT environment. 
Installation, configuration, patching, upgrading and maintenance of Oracle Applications and Oracle Databases. 
Experience in replication using Materialized Views. 
Security User Management, Privileges, Roles, Auditing, Profiling and Authentication. 
Hands-on experience with the new Oracle FLASHBACK Technology like enabling Flashback feature, configuring FLASH RECOVERY AREA (FRA) and implementing Flashback recovery strategies like FLASHBACK Drop, FLASHBACK Table, FLASHBACK Query and FLASHBACK Database. 
Performance Monitoring and Tuning of databases using tools like SQL Tuning Advisor, Sales Performance Management (SPM), Segment Advisor, STATSPACK, Automatic Workload Repository (AWR), Active Session History (ASH) and ADDM reports. 
Experience working with SQL Tuning tools like SQL Trace, Explain Plan and SQL Profiles. 
Oracle GoldenGate knowledge. 
Configured and maintained unidirectional replication in GoldenGate. 
Creating and maintaining Oracle Wallet and remote authentication. 
Good understanding of System Development Life Cycle, Automatic Undo Management, RAID concepts and advanced features of Oracle 11g. 
Expertise in Tuning memory, I/O and CPU utilization, Disk usage and Space utilization. 
Upgrading and Migration of Oracle Database to higher version and other platforms using manual method and traditional Export/Import, Data Pump & Transportable Tablespace (TTS). 
Experience in coding SQL, PL/SQL packages, functions, stored procedures, triggers, and Materialized Views for Oracle Database. 
Hands-on experience with Logical backups, Hot/Cold backups, Recovery, and cloning of databases using RMAN, SQL-BackTrack, Veritas NetBackup. 
Disk Space Management involving managing archives, space allocation to various tablespaces and capacity planning for new applications. 
Expertise in configuring RMAN with Catalog/Nocatalog and worked on Point-In-Time Recovery and Flashback. 
Plugging the tablespace between different platforms using Cross-Platform Transportable Tablespace utility. 
Collected performance statistics using STATSPACK/AWR and Automatic Database Diagnostic Monitor (ADDM). 
Used TKPROF utility and Explain Plan for tuning SQL queries. 
Expertise in loading data from flat files using external tables and SQL*Loader. 
Experience with SQL, PL/SQL and UNIX Shell Scripting. 
Hands-on experience in tuning mappings, identifying and resolving performance bottlenecks in various levels like sources, targets, mappings, and sessions. 
Excellent analytical, problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills. 
Highly effective in communicating with engineers and technicians. 
Skilled in detailed work, redefining a wide range of operational difficulties. 
Strength in analyzing and improving electronics and administrative methods. 
Committed to maintaining quality and efficiency. 
Enjoy the challenge of providing high quality direct service to clients. 
Proven ability to effectively facilitate communication between management and project personnel. 
Highly inquisitive, creative and resourceful; goal oriented, and enthusiastic quick learner. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator SUNTRUST BANK - Tampa, FL February 2015 to Present 
24x7 database administration, support and monitoring to ensure proactive problem recognition and resolution of database issues. 
Migration of Oracle Databases from Windows to Linux. 
Apply patches to Oracle Databases and Oracle Applications. 
Upgrade development and production databases to Oracle 10g. 
Proactive database monitoring using Oracle 10g grid monitoring tool. 
Database tuning using SQL Trace, STATSPACK, EXPLAIN PLAN and TKPROF. 
Extensive Performance Tuning, Memory (SGA) Tuning, NetBackup, EMC (TimeFinder and SRDF), RAID and RAW Devices. 
Perform database cloning to set up test and development databases. 
Responsible for optimizing the queries and application tuning. 
Perform SQL Tuning and assist developers with coding PL/SQL. 
Provide support to Application Database Administrators in designing the database. 
Use RMAN for backup and recovery. Perform Hot, Cold and Logical backups. Perform backup validations using RMAN. 
Management of schemas, objects partitioning the tables & indexes. 
Automation of data load using KornShell scripting and SQL*Loader. 
Responsible for setting and managing user accounts, and granting required privileges to users. 
Perform other DBA activities such as space management and performance monitoring. 
Experience in Oracle Database monitoring, troubleshooting and resolving issues. 
Have implemented two types of standby databases supported by Data Guard, Logical standby and Physical standby databases in 11gR2 on two-node RAC. 
Hands-on experience in Hot/Cold Backup, Recovery and Cloning of databases using RMAN with Veritas NetBackup and Commvault. 
Implement Active Data Guard, creating both Logical and Physical Standby databases in 10g, 11g & 12c environment for the Production databases. 
Configure and manage Data Guard extensively for Production databases of sizes ranging from 50GB to 5TB. 
Performance Tuning - Gathering stats, creating indexes and tuning memory settings for optimal performance. 
Work with 11gR2, 12c multi-node RAC/Non-RAC environment on LINUX, ASM, SCAN, and GIS. 
Set up and configuration of Standby Databases, Active Data Guard, Snapshot Standby and Data Guard Broker. 
Involvement in timely database and application releases for Oracle Applications in conjunction with the Development Team, Application Team, System Administrators and Release Teams. 
Tuning of Oracle Database, tuning memory, I/O, Resource contention, Database operation and performance diagnostic tools (TKPROF, SQL Trace utility, Oracle Expert and Oracle SQL Analyze). 
Frequent interaction with Developers, working with them in developing the applications using SQL Trace and Explain Plan utilities. 
Implement partitioning on huge tables to improve performance and reduce maintenance to finite window operations. 
Monitor databases using Oracle Enterprise Manager and Toad. Monitoring at the OS Level and monitor backups using the OASIS tool. 
Install, configure, and maintain Oracle Audit Vault for auditing all of the databases at the same time. 
Set up and Maintenance of Oracle Advanced features like Oracle FLASHBACK and Flash Recovery Area, Data Guard (Physical Standby) and Failover procedures. 
Experience on OEM 12c installation. 
Knowledge in the architecture design of OEM, Oracle Database and application monitoring. 
Implement and configure GoldenGate in RAC environment. 
Implement 11g Interval Partitioning for monthly partitioning of large tables. 
Develop RMAN Backup strategies for cloning the test databases with the production environment and work on RMAN Active-Active Duplication. 
Experience with logical backups EXPDP/IMPDP and extensively used for Re-hosting the application using GoldenGate. Worked with conventional EXP/IMP for migrating data from 9i to 10g. 
Schedule RMAN backups, purge jobs, maintenance jobs using DBMS_JOBS, DBMS_SCHEDULER, Crontab and $Universe. 
Design and implement different backup strategies like Hot, Cold, RMAN with Flash Recovery Area and Logical Backups EXPDP/IMPDP. 
Handle Chained Rows and Row Migration, and solve the database performance issues. 
Experience with ASM, adding, and deleting disks to the disk group. 
Support development teams for all the database-related issues and handle the critical issues like network failures and ASM Disk Group errors and node failures in the RAC cluster. 
Generate STATSPACK/AWR reports using OEM 12c from Oracle 11g database and analyze the reports for Oracle Wait Events, time consuming SQL Queries, tablespace growth, and database growth. 
Use Explain Plan, Oracle Optimizer Hints and creation of new indexes to improve the performance of SQL statements. Involved in SQL Query tuning and provide tuning recommendations to application jobs, and time/CPU-consuming queries.  Tools Used: Oracle RMAN, Oracle 11g (11.2.0.2), DBMS STATS, Data Pump, SQL Trace, TKPROF and EXPLAIN PLAN Oracle Database Administrator ESTES-EXPRESS - Richmond, VA March 2013 to February 2015 
Cloned and migrated databases using RMAN and traditional Data Pump Export/Import utilities in Oracle 10gR2. 
Implemented recovery strategies whenever required and successfully recovered databases using RMAN if the database crashed or media/disk failed. 
Scheduled the Physical backups (Hot & Cold) in Crontab using RMAN and monitored the scheduled jobs. 
Performed configuration changes using Autoconfig. 
Pre-Patch Analysis for the patches and document preparation with pre- and post-patch steps. 
Applied patches (Maintenance Pack, Interoperability Patch, Release Update Patches (RUP), and Family Pack). 
Created application users, user profiles, responsibilities, menus, and functions. 
Validated and created grants & synonyms on APPS schemas. Performed JAR file/forms generation as a post-patch step, and Relinking the Oracle APPS programs. 
Performed Application Tracing for various user sessions and for various concurrent programs. 
Monitored the alert log and trace files for errors. 
Performed cloning of Production database to TEST environment to provide user live data for testing purposes. 
Managed OLTP databases, RAC and Non-RAC having 24x7 activities, handled all aspects of databases including administration, tuning, backup and recovery in Production, Test and Development environments. 
Provided the database dumps and schema level dumps to DEV and TEST database environments. 
Performed reorg of the schema/tables and data archiving at regular time intervals. 
Planned and Scheduled Backup/Restoration Strategies and made backups of the database using RMAN. 
Responsible for Creating Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigning the users to groups and granting necessary privileges to the relevant groups. 
Used SQL Trace, TKPROF, Explain Plan utilities for optimizing and tuning SQL queries. 
Maintained data integrity and security using integrity constraints and database triggers. 
Provided 24x7 support for all production and development databases. 
Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch Set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using √¨runInstaller√Æ and Perl based utility √¨OPatch√Æ. 
Applied patches 10.2.0.2, 10.2.0.3 and 10.2.0.4. 
Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature using Data Pump Export/Import of Oracle 10g and 11g allowing users to quickly move a user tablespace across Oracle Databases. 
Expertise in implementing data refreshes at database, schema and table level using RMAN utility and Data Pump conventional Export/Import of Oracle 10g and 11g. 
Performed installation and configuration of Oracle 10.2.0.1 database on the HP-UX platform. 
Successfully performed migrations from Oracle 9i/10g to 10gR2 RAC (Real Application Cluster) database. 
Successfully upgraded the databases from 11g to non-CDB (Container Database) on 12c. 
Successfully migrated 12c non-CDB databases to Pluggable Databases (PDB). 
Created Oracle Wallets and implemented tablespace level Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) security. 
Constantly monitored the performance (Dynamic Performance (V$) Views) at peak load of the databases and viewed the alert log files and trace files. 
Ran scripts to check the database status, such as growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, used space, fragmentation etc. 
Performed space management, capacity planning, disaster recovery and overall maintenance of the databases. 
Created Physical Standby databases using RMAN with zero downtime. Performed Switchover and Failover using Data Guard Broker and manually performed this operation when required. 
Worked extensively with Physical Standby database, troubleshooting, switchover and switchback with Physical Standby setup. 
Provided routine technical support to Roche Diagnostics' customers on installation and maintenance aspects of molecular diagnostics system equipment and robotics. 
Performed service, repair and installation of company products, including mechanical/system hardware and networking/wireless networking, sometimes working with the primary technical specialist. 
Performed hardware updates on medical equipment using standard and specialized hand tools. 
Performed software updates of medical devices. 
Performed electrical safety tests on medical devices using an electrical safety analyzer. 
Recorded test results. 
Experienced in Installation and Maintaining Highly Critical Databases in any Operational mode on Unix/Linux, Sun Solaris.
Experienced in 10g, 11g, 12c databases.
Responsible for installing Oracle 11g and 12c in Single Node & Multi node's Configure host and listener. 
Experienced in Creating Users, Roles and Profiles, Assigning Roles and Profiles to Users. 
Experience on Data Guard setup 10g/11g/12c. 
Expertise in Managing and monitoring Database Storage Structures, Data Files Space, Resizing and Adding new Data files. 
Maintaining the Cold and Hot, Logical and RMAN Backups of the Databases.
Performing Logical Backups Using Export Utility and Restoring Specific Object or Schema Using Import Utility. 
Monitoring and Performing Daily incremental Backups, Weekly Backups Using RMAN. 
Experience in Concept of Flashback Mechanism. 
Experience on Cloning User man and RMAN.† 
Experience on Applying patches to Database CPU and PSU and interim Patches.
Champion Agile software development best practices, acting as a coach to the Scrum teams‚ 
Support the Product Owner in grooming and maintaining the product backlog‚ 
Track and communicate team status and progress via burnup and burndown charts, as well as other information radiators, to the team, management, and stakeholders, ensuring it accurately reflects current state‚ 
Take responsibility for managing dependencies between the Scrum team and others, collaborating within the Scrum Master network especially with regard to items necessary for product release‚ 
Demonstrate sense of urgency and responsiveness to complete work and solve problems, with a strong drive to persevere when faced with ambiguity.
Proactively remove or escalate roadblocks to allow team progress. 
Maintains relevant metrics to help the team monitor their performance. 
Encourages continual improvement in Engineering practices to improve code quality and delivery. 
Coordinates timely response and support to production line customer issues, when escalated Oracle Database Administrator/ Scrum Master 
Ensured the team remained focused on continuously delivering working products.
Track the teams process and made sure the agile process was being followed. 
Worked with team members to rid of any impediments and keep progress continuous by escalating issues and removing outside barriers‚ 
Developed sprint plans and tracked and monitored the status of completion. 
Facilitating daily stand-ups, sprint planning, backlog grooming, and retrospective meetings.
Updated the metrics to reflect accurate status of work being completed‚ 
Personality to coordinate with teams members with different backgrounds while using different forms of communication.
Installed, configured, and maintained Oracle 10g and 11gR2 on Linux and also Upgraded from Oracle 10g to 11g. 
Extensive Experience with RMAN Backups, Hot Backups and Logical Backups.
Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch"
Performance tuning of the database - SQL Tuning, Used Tuning utilities like STATSPACK, TKPROF. 
Experienced in configuration of ASM for RAC and NON- RAC environments. 
 Construction of Catalog databases and developed scripts to perform Backups of Large Databases to fit the backup window using RMAN. 
Supported & maintained the Production/Development databases on various servers.
Extensively worked on setting up auditing in many databases we supported.
Managing Database Structure and Storage Allocation. 
Monitored different databases and application servers using Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 12c Grid Control. 
Implement Grid based monitoring solution for large Databases and Installation of Cluster ware, configuring public, private and VIP. 
Extensively worked in various areas of Data guard i.e. Installation, Recovery, RTA (Real Time Apply), Patching, Tuning, Switchover, Switchback and Failover.
Implemented and configured 11g grid control on RHEL. 
Configured Oracle Streams on Oracle 11g, 10g databases for data replication and monitored them using Grid Control.
Automated the Data Replication process using Materialized Views for reporting databases.
Used Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 11g Grid Control for monitoring multiple database and notification of database alerts, and configured EM agents on multiple database servers. 
Maintenance of Oracle 11gR2 Real Application Cluster (RAC) Database for High Availability, Scalability and Performance by determining the best Cluster architecture, choosing the best hardware configuration for Oracle RAC.‚ 
Successful in installation/maintenance of Physical Standby database using Oracle Data Guard for Oracle 11.2.0.3 and Oracle 10.2.0.5 RAC databases.‚ 
Implemented switchovers on primary and standby databases as a part of planned maintenance activities.
 Used TOAD for database management. 
Made optimal use of Oracle Support in resolving the SRs.
Experience on Performance tuning and Troubleshooting of Database. 
Maintaining Buffer Cache, Library Cache, and Dictionary Cache. 
Taking Care of Wait Events, Analysing Instance and System Performance.
Analysing the DB performance Using AWR, ASH and ADDM Reports. 
Upgrade Database from 10g to 11g and 11g to 12c.
Creation of ASM Databases, ASM Instances.
Designed of Conceptual Logical Model and Physical Model 
Implemented, supported and managed the database. 
Kept data integrity and availability. 
Designed, deployed and monitored database servers. 
Managed user administration.
Migrated different databases in SQL Management, PostgreSQL and Oracle.
Migrated and created new database structures, such as tables, indexes and stored procedures from development to the production environment. 
Created and tuned query, stored procedures, triggers, views and added/changed tables for data load and transformation, and data extraction. 
Created backup and restored strategy of production, development and test environments. 
Executed recovery databases and created the documentation to provide the disaster recovery processes. 
Produced entity relationship & data flow diagrams, database normalization schemata logical to physical database maps, and data table parameters. 
Installed and managed Database Server. 
Created and monitored user accounts, user permissions, database extents and table partitions. 
Implemented robust backup and recovery procedures based on data volatility and application availability requirements. 
Monitored and optimized system performance using index tuning, disk optimization, and other methods. 
Monitored the size of the transaction log. Managed databases on multiple disks using Disk Mirroring technology.
Collected, stored, managed, and enabled the ability to query the organization's metadata. 
Ensured data availability using administration tactics. 
Designed, debugged, implemented, and maintained stored procedures, triggers, and user-defined functions that are stored in the DBMS
Proficent in data modeling and database design. 
Skilled at Metadata management and repository usage. 
Experienced to manage large databases. 
Able to organize the procedures that affect the database, such as backup and recovery procedures. 
Able to solve technical problems that are caused by database design or malfunction. 
Good communication skills to provide database help. 
Procedural skills
Ability to focus on deadlines and deliverables.
Able to work with SQL Management, PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, Microsoft Office
Provided and designed DB tools to assist in the database management, transactions and processing environments. 
 Assessed and executed implementation of new technologies.
 Worked in coordination with company developers and project managers. 
 Developed training programs and trained technical support and applications personnel to utilise on-line databases environment processes.
Monitored performance and capacity to provide resolutions to system problems.
Provided technical support for SQL database environment by overseeing databases development and organization. 
 Communicated regularly with staff to ensure smooth flow of information from SQL database.
 Created database with back-up system.
 Monitored data availability for faster query response by user. 
 Designed conceptual schema as per the client needs.
 Looked after the security of company data from external access and threats.
 Tested and installed latest versions of Database Management Systems in the firm.
Involved in analysing business requirements, developing and designing data models.
Able to work with SQL Management, PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, Microsoft Office
Creating and maintaining Oracle Wallet and remote authentication.
Built pipelines to test the utility of automated feature creation, feature selection and algorithm selection & optimization functionalities offered by AutoML tools like H2O driverless AI and DataRobot for credit card loss forecasting
Developed a POC for the model monitoring module of a credit card loan charge-off loss prediction model
Developed a classification model for customer segmentation to inform marketing efforts using supervised machine learning techniques
Architected and built an end-to-end ML pipeline including a flask application and deployed the solution in an in-house
Explored architectures like GLMs, Neural Networks, Gradient Boosted Trees and ensemble models for modelling the propensity of an individual to be involved in a crime
Helped UChicago Crime Lab validate their own model and identify additional features that may add lift and help improving the accuracy
Led a team of five associates on a large-scale Salesforce Incentive Compensation Operations project; responsible for planning and workload distribution, ensuring quality and timeliness of all deliverables and facilitating all oral and written communication
Successfully led the implementation of new IC plan changes including requirements gathering, implementation planning, POC evaluations, System Integration Testing, User Acceptance Testing and rollout
Reduced cycle time by 75% and substantially improved quality in a Salesforce Territory Alignment Operations project by building an operationally efficient ETL process using SAS and in-house tools
Analysed transaction level Specialty Pharmacy sales data in SAS and created a dynamic excel dashboard to study and track Key Performance Indicators for Specialty Pharmacies; Information was used by the client for contract renewals
Applied regression modelling to quantify the impact of Salesforce Design change recommendations to maximise YoY sales growth
Built a completely reproducible and modular machine learning app from proof of concept to production in Python, hosted on AWS EC2 with 82% ML model accuracy and stored customer logs in RDS MySQL database
Built a model using CNN and bi-directional LSTM with a Beam Search decoder to recognize text in handwritten text images
Used k-means clustering for customer segmentation to drive personalised recommendations via newsletter for a daily local newspaper
Developed a clustering solution in Spark to cluster Venmo Transaction data using text based attributes
Provided backend support for an on-premise legacy application that is migrating into the cloud.
Developed a RESTful microservice application to expose the APIs running within cloud based containers.
Configured JWT authentication and HTTPS protocols to establish cloud security measures.
Built configurable logic for clinical assessment functionality to be leveraged by behavioral health programs.
Automated daily reports on large scales of data to provide recommendations for a member’s plan of care.
Reduced server outages by finding excess web service calls, logging statements, and database transactions.
Optimised costly data refresh logic by identifying 50,000 records with a high likelihood of future activity.
Built a recommendation system to deliver suggestions to members when searching for in-network providers.
Used clustering and collaborative filtering to serve predictions in real time within a flask web application.
Developed a web application to identify patients with a high risk of ASD hosted in Amazon Web Services.
Used spinal and chest surgery recovery data to recommend cost reduction strategies for pain management.
Presented findings to the hospital’s director of nursing research.
Identified target customers for an advertising campaign and predicted purchase outcomes.
Created XGBoost model to predict loan issue likelihood using Python
Created Random Forest model to predict loan default likelihood using Python
Combined results of both models to determine best advertising targets
Created a Logistic Model with R to determine the probability of previous customers returning
Used a Linear Model with R to forecast the amount each user would spend during the promotion
Used SQL to access and transform CRM data and sales data
Built a Data Warehouse to hold the data and scheduled a job, using Python, to update the Data Warehouse daily
Created reports and dashboards for end users to consume using Power BI and Tableau
Predictive modelling (Logistic Regression, Random Forest, Boosting Tree, SVM), Clustering, Neural Classified products into four categories based on the variability in monthly demand timing and demand quantity
Built time series models in R to predict sales demand of products making up 80% of revenue, calculated weighted mean absolute percentage error in nested cross validation to select the best model for each product
Predicted product demand three months ahead with selected models, designed a dashboard in Tableau reflecting demand trend and demand prediction by region and product type
Pre-processed and cleaned data, extracted features and labels, trained and selected model in Python
Constructed and connected EC2 instance, S3 bucket and RDS database in AWS for data upload and storage,
created and linked pages with HTML to provide a website on predicting the athletic level of a soccer player
Automated the reproduction process with Makefile, Yaml and Args
Course topics: machine learning, data mining, databases, big data, NLP, deep learning, data visualization
Future coursework: reinforcement learning, text analytics, business value from analytics
Recipient of Kofi Annan Scholarship and 2 economics department prizes, GPA 3.91/4.00
Conducted data deep dive using R with Presto/Hive SQL queries to uncover predictive signals of fraudulent and abusive accounts, in order to reduce their damage metrics to the network
Identified major fraud types using TF-IDF method on text data and provided actionable feature recommendations to substantiate anti-abuse ML model and improve its recall and response time
Scheduled scripts for automatic data ETL in Azkaban in order to monitor evolving fraud patterns
Delivered a machine learning empowered app solution using python-Flask to categorize the entire database of current customers into distinct lifetime value buckets, and expandable to new customers
Incorporated findings from a comprehensive survey as training label, and implemented supervised learning methods (XGBoost, random forest) to make prediction on not-in-survey customers, and achieved significant lift of offline cross-validated prediction accuracy from baseline
Served as the main liaison with the client to manage project workflow and communications
Performed comprehensive exploratory analyses and data cleansing on risk assessment records and insurance claim history, and developed systematic steps to merge the data, including fuzzy matching
Employed GLM framework with standardization in R to create predictive models on claims
Performed rigorous research and statistical analysis to aid economists testify for legal cases, and substantiated rebuttals by replicating opponents’ analysis to identify contrary evidence
Examined the gigabytes of structured and unstructured datasets to answer key questions, synthesize insights, make inferences, and construct compelling narratives from the data
Translated technical results into figures and illustrations intended for non-technical audiences
Worked on 10+ cases for a variety of industries and functions, selected examples include: 
Built automated reporting tool in Stata to assess monopoly power of hospitals in regional markets
Built automated reporting tool in Stata to assess monopoly power of hospitals in regional markets
Conducted econometric analysis to quantify wage discrimination in packaging factories
Conducted econometric analysis to quantify wage discrimination in packaging factories
Maintained and improved electricity marginal pricing models in Excel for utility providers
Maintained and improved electricity marginal pricing models in Excel for utility providers
Designed the interactive python-Flask app to make tennis match predictions using XGBoost model
Built reproducible scripts end-to-end from data retrieval to UI, and hosted the app with AWS EC2
Generated text classification model with Python on low-rate online reviews to raise the efficiency of team-disposition and problem-solving process, saving merchandise team 10 hours a week
Developed visualizations and time series analytics on specials orders to reduce lead time and costs
Conducted correlation and regression analysis to understand the impact of key macroeconomics variables on sales performance
Developed automated regional pricing dashboards with PySpark in AWS environment to provide recommendations on implementing unbranded oil, highly valued and adopted for long term use
Initialized reorganization and migration of company’s database from Excel files to Salesforce and generated clusters to reasonably distribute clients, increasing sales by 11%
Managed planning and development of procedure for weekly and monthly metric reports
Self-learned Apex in two months and received promotion to main Salesforce developer
Led weekly 30-person sales meeting to motivate callers, augmenting calls by 100 /person /week
Collaborated with a team of 5 in collecting and analyzing data of properties assessment, aced the project and established long-term cooperation with government
Proposed notification process to IT department solutions for enhancing system efficiency
Developed web app with AWS to understand the impact of house features and to predict final prices
Built in the required structural criteria into the module classified data sets in R for training purposes
Implemented gradient boosted tree, and random forest to help understand customer loyalty
Constructed an optimized database containing targeted information; performed geo-statistics and clustering analysis with 18M+ records of fraudulent transactions data to identify hotspots in Python
Built predictors with the results from geo-analysis that was capable of improving the true negative rate of current fraudulent prediction performance by ~10%
Worked with a production team to integrate the new predictors and algorithm into current onboarding model
Monitored the European and Pacific market performance; interacted with market demands forecasting model and revenue optimization system; improved the revenue performance of markets by ~15%
Developed strategies and took responsibilities of revenue performances in China markets, which generated $200M+ revenue annually
Collaborated with the pricing, operation research and sales teams to develop new data analytics tools and streamlined business processes and strategies
Closely worked with the portfolio managers at Principal to design and build the portfolio construction tool in RShiny as a way to systemize the portfolio construction process
Designed the optimization algorithm that minimized the differences between target and actual portfolios under the constrains set by clients
Helped clients to implement the tool inhouse with detailed technical guide and stepwise user guide
Collected and removed noises from the background of pictures data with web scrapping and API
Built a deep learning autoencoder model capable of extracting the features from pictures and matching the most similar item from database with the user’s input; loss of the model decreased by 73.33%
Presented final model and project poster at the Analytics Exchange annual data science conference
Used SQL to build a report to monitor suspicious bookings and agencies’ malpractices, which affected over $1M+ annual revenue in Pacific markets
Developed preventive strategies and worked with pricing, revenue integrity and operation research team on market implementation
Successfully decreased fraudulent bookings by 20%+
Developed an inventory planning system with 1M+ sales data records to optimize the inventory turnover ratio and increase profit
Utilized Fourier Analysis and Croston Analysis to forecast demands of 15 active styles, and SKU ratio analysis to allocate demands to color, size and fit Programming: Java, Python, R, SQL, XML, Hadoop, PySpark, D3.js
Data Analysis: Deep Learning, Database Engineering, Statistics, Probability, Optimization, Regression & Correlation,
Software: Teradata, Jupyter Notebook, Git, Tableau, Minitab, Xpress, ExpertFit, Excel, Simio, SAS
Language: English (Fluent), Mandarin Chinese (Native), Cantonese (Intermediate), Korean (Intermediate)
Worked on forward thinking solutions to UPS last-mile package delivery operations tying together multiple disparate UPS data sources as well as 3rd party contemporaneous data sources
Constructed visualizations of insights and findings to present to a UPS data science team & management
Conducted deep dive industry interviews, organized responses, and helped formulate strategic marketing and business strategy advice for Fortune 1000 as well as local clients
Led intern group on a major Memphis museum project, including brainstorming for a revamping of building grounds, creating a feasible business plan, and outlining a presentation for Memphis City Council
Spearheaded research on middle market clients ranging from 10 to 400 million dollars in yearly revenue
Assisted in creation of pitch books focusing on industry landscape, working with upper level management
 Analyzed customer service surveys, linking respondents with membership and service data in order to model customer Net Promoter Score responses and identify key drivers leading to promoters and detractors
Presented findings and methodology to cross-domain data science teams as well as departmental and divisional leadership, to include possible follow-on work and improvements to modelin.
Established a robust, adaptable data ingest pipeline for API-based data that previously had not been routinely accessed, which was adopted by another data science team for related projects
Managed 550 soldiers assigned to a headquarters company, tracking their training status and readiness
Provided logistical support for over 900 personnel while deployed in Kuwait, providing weapons, ammunition, and equipment for movement into Iraq
Incorporated reporting into collective situational understanding, facilitating higher level decision making
Assisted in administration of the Information Management program and set standards for field reporting
Briefed senior officers on intelligence developments within the province, supplemented by delivering “deep dive” analysis projects on local tribal dynamics, attacks trends, and potential sources of civil strife
Supervised 12 intelligence analysts, monitoring their analysis of intelligence reporting, direction of assigned aerial and ground-based intelligence collection platforms, and publication of a daily intelligence summary
 Led 18 soldiers in conducting patrols and combat operations while deployed to Kunar Province, Afghanistan
 Planned and facilitated individual and collective training, including a team-level live ammunition exercise
 Audio Engineering, Music Discovery, Running, Hiking, Camping, Maps/GIS
 Trained a predictive model in Python to extract the most impactful variables in determining domain activation for
Created reusable tables in Hive with > 100 million records of orders and customer data to allow for integration and feature engineering with PySpark
Provided insights on conversion and product add-on rates based on user website behavior to influence marketing decisions and revenue tracking
Automated Tableau dashboards through Hive queries to track the performance of company SEO and website design campaigns
Conducted key driver regression analysis on textual data to determine the most impactful attributes behind client satisfaction
Built a process in Alteryx to merge and clean disparate data sources in order to launch a corporate-wide VoC program and ingested results into Tableau via API connection
Designed and developed Tableau dashboards monitoring key corporate metrics that were distributed to 10,000+ employees across the organization
Identified top candidates for sales representative assignments based on past spending and tenure
Built ETL pipeline to automate customer insights dashboards in Tableau for Executive Leadership
Implemented customer segmentation program for the company’s legal research print business
Developed prototype and metrics for a client lien portfolio benchmarking tool
Improved the current system for generating estimated time of arrival for inbound shipments by 50% using stacked ensemble model consisting of LightGBM, K-NN, and Neural Networks with internal supply chain data and external data from APIs resulting in cost savings of $20MM/year
Interacted with stakeholders and data engineers to productionalize and implement the model within AWS for live predictions
Examined collaterals worth over $10B by modeling stress cases using Excel, Numpy, Pandas, Seaborn, Scikit, and VBA to structure diverse types of assets into secured products with low probability of default
Communicated risk analysis directly with other banks and clients to identify suitable borrowing base and triggers
Presented comprehensive reports on applying blockchain technology to securitization and examined how smart contracts can be applied to the fixed income market by fully developing blockchains using Ether and Hyperledger
Developed and analyzed benchmark performance tests of different Amazon Web Services (AWS) EC-2 cloud computing configurations and compared them to local high performance computing clusters at Clemson
Engineered cost analysis model for different AWS configurations based on consumer needs and performance levels
Conducted psychological simulations on NetLogo to observe how different personal and relationship variables affect performance in an isolated environment using sentiment analysis
Extracted text data from previous NASA space missions using Python to identify behavioral variables for the simulation model
Leveraged natural language processing techniques to map employees to skill sets posted in job postings and grouped similar jobs based on skillset through clustering and latent dirichlet allocation topic modeling
Designed a Digital Capacity Dimension to measure the capabilities of engineers and staff them onto the right projects
Performed social network analysis to understand the distributions of Venmo’s transactions social network
Engineered text-based attributes and emojis using regex and clustered transactions to classify each type of transaction
Directed weekly shows on Chicago’s WNUR radio to introduce underrepresented music from Korea
Programming: Python, MATLAB, R, Java, Excel, SQL, Git, JavaScript, HTML, AWS, C++, PySpark
Developed an automatic feature engineering algorithm using Featuretools in Python and stacked denoising autoencoders
Designed and implemented an unsupervised feature selection model:
Designed a feature quality test by performing a k-fold CV with autoencoders, feature relationships’ stability and reliability will be tested based on the standard deviation of percentage differences between reconstruction errors on test and validation sets
Built an XGBoost model with ROC of 0.978 for predicting whether a package will be successfully delivered or meeting a service time commitment supplemented by external weather, road closures and census data
Implemented k-means clustering on routes and combined the results with the predictive model to investigate the relationship between clusters and last-mile successful delivery rates
Designed anomaly detection models using time series forecasting on delivery data to identify abnormal delivery days
Performed correlation analysis to identify the feature importance on bail condition compliance and implemented recursive feature elimination via caret in R to reduce feature dimension
Built interpretable classification models (Logistic Regression, Random Forest, XGBoost, Naive Bayes) with 800k defendants’ demographic and criminal data, achieved a prediction accuracy of 82.96% and ROC of 0.87
Analyzed condo segmentation based on k-means clustering; Studied the cluster centroids for feature selection
Built a regularized regression model with adaptive lasso (!R 2: 0.873) and stacked hierarchical autoencoder to predict condo price
Performed clustering on 7M Venmo transaction data to identify major transaction types using PySpark, SparkML and MLlib
Identified transactional relationships between users, performed user segmentation based on transaction activity data
Understood different dimensions that influence one’s subjective happiness and how those might vary across countries by doing feature selection using random forest on data collected from World Happiness Report
Designed an interactive website using D3.js, HTML, CSS to visualize findings at time, region and socioeconomic levels
Built generalized linear models in R to investigate statistical relationships between vehicle accidents and circumstantial factors such as weather, fuel station and idle time using 293k rows of vehicle activity data
Created heatmap over city maps to visualize vehicle accident distributions using geohash in R (ggmap, ggplot2)
Developed water demand & supply model in R using simultaneous equations model and regression techniques
Built minimum spanning trees by Kruskal's algorithm in MATLAB to find efficient paths of water supply
Built an XGBoost classifier (accuracy: 91%, ROC: 0.974) to detect malicious URLs primarily using URL strings as features
Developed a full stack Flask app that hosted the model on AWS EC2, stored all user input and prediction results in RDS
Generated new menus based on cuisine tags with CNN, LSTM and Bilateral LSTM using menu data scripted by scrapy.Spider
Worked closely with management in developing a loan analytics platform for structured finance products in ASEAN.
Mapped out user journeys and product features based on interviews with target financial institutions and investors.
Proposed relational database design with accompanying data flows, design schemas, and data dictionary.
Drove the development of a pipeline reporting process to effectively visualize and analyze key deal information and trends.
Co-founded a late-night food service and a food waste repurposing startup on campus, utilizing lean canvas for fast ideation.
Utilized Datashader and Dask for efficient visualization of large datasets of geolocation data on San Francisco businesses.
Built optimization models with SciPy and PuLP to analyze pricing schemes and inventories for LA Metro Bike share.
Applied NLP preprocessing framework on Apple App Store descriptions and identified app clusters with K-means cluster.
Created cohort analysis with pandas for sales and retention rates of e-commerce customers to analyze purchase patterns.
Led team of three engineers in creating a react native app connecting young professionals with pop-ups and food trucks.
Managed relationships with users, vendors, and content partners, and conducted interviews to aid agile product planning.
Scraped vendor and geojson data from over 300 vendor and partner sites with beautifulsoup, selenium, and requests.
Developed a scoring algorithm that accounted for demographic biases and personalization with numpy, nltk, and TextBlob.
Conducted network analysis on ingredients in recipes and used a custom metric favoring rare ingredients for edge weights.
Designed a force-directed D3 graph that allowed users to filter network edges by strengths of different edge weights.
Isolated pricing and availability trends in Pandas for Airbnb in Spain around specific events and landmarks.
Designed an interactive scrolling storyboard using D3.js and Illustrator focused on geographical and temporal data.
Performed social network analysis and text analysis on 7M Venmo transactions using PySpark and SparkML.
Generated new menus based on cuisine tags with CNN and LSTM models with online menu data scraped with Scrapy spider.
Developed pricing plan for Chicago Parks with seasonal and venue premiums based on ARIMA and clustering models.
Built full stack Flask web app that hosted a model predicting average funding amounts based on startup characteristics.
Identified unique reader interest groups for SF Chronicle from clustering on TFIDF features generated from article content.
Built ETL pipeline for timeseries modeling using a combination of SQL and Pandas.
Served models predicting user behavior for several products in a dashboard using R Shiny and Civis’ internal Platform software, utilizing Docker images and parallel model-running tools.
Prepared digital streaming data for use as a proxy in first-party media attribution project.
Composed pitch for new client with emphasis on big-picture insights and storytelling for sales.
Modeled expected vs actual lift station usage in JMP to aid in decision to expand systems in factory.
Led deployment of gas and chemical inventory management system. Designed system with multiple safety and security checks to ensure ease of use by technicians and performed onsite use test experiments.
Created Markov Chain model in Python Pandas to build innovative sequences for yoga classes.
 Creatively visualized generated sequences using Matplotlib, Pillow, and Canva.
Built in checks to ensure that classes were accessible while maintaining variety and novelty.
Calculated a “capacity” metric for each engineer across divisions, representing ability to contribute more or less work per unit time, to assist decision making for headcount reallocation.
Designed Conjoint Analysis experiment to gauge managers’ priorities when hiring and assigning work.
 Conducted sentiment analysis of hotel reviews using an LSTM in Tensorflow and logistic classification.
Built interactive D3 visualization to display differences in AirBNB data between two cities.
Performed text analysis of >7M Venmo transactions using Pyspark and SparkML.
Used KNN clustering on TF-IDF features to segment digital subscribers of a major newspaper.
Created machine learning models to predict which customers were most likely to choose a competitor for their next venture.
For marketing suitable product offerings and measuring the impact of such marketing campaigns, identified
unique segments (using clustering) from customers at risk of migrating to a competitor.
To help gauge the worldwide regions growing the most in internet ventures, created deep learning models to
To help gauge the worldwide regions growing the most in internet ventures, created deep learning models to
predict the region of operation from the website URLs.
Explored ERP data from multiple data sources (using SQL and R) to conduct data cleansing and feature
engineering.
Developed a mechanism to classify parts sales to a product family with 90% accuracy, which provided key metrics
Developed a mechanism to classify parts sales to a product family with 90% accuracy, which provided key metrics
needed for C-level reporting.
Identified the causes of leakages in the aftermarket parts sales by analyzing dealer data.
Designed a Hadoop based BI product providing preventive maintenance leads. The product was instrumental in
Designed a Hadoop based BI product providing preventive maintenance leads. The product was instrumental in plugging the leakages in sales funnel, leading it to be adopted by 100+ dealers.
Defined the product roadmap, managed the client’s feedback and helped the client’s team adopt agile practices
Defined the product roadmap, managed the client’s feedback and helped the client’s team adopt agile practices enabling monthly product releases.
Created user journeys for inventory booking, approval and customer agreement process for campaign management, reducing the customer service response time from a week to couple of days.
Led the business analysis for this multi-phase program that aimed at providing a seamless money movement experience to the clients, financial advisors and the back-office operations through a single online banking platform.
Ran workshops and focus groups to understand user needs and the requirements for product customization.
Ran workshops and focus groups to understand user needs and the requirements for product customization.
Worked closely with the delivery team to ensure that the delivered product met client’s expectations.
Worked closely with the delivery team to ensure that the delivered product met client’s expectations.
Developed classification model based on campaign attributes (Tree-based Models, Naïve Bayes, R)
Contributed to the development of a pharmacogenomic risk stratification algorithm in R and Python using nonparametric predictive models and unsupervised learning methods
Aided in the creation of a software development pipeline to create a production-ready version of said algorithm
Created visualization dashboards in Tableau for communicating commercial operations KPIs and translating scientific developments into actionable business decisions
Tested parameters and created code for a label propagation algorithm in MATLAB that utilized semi-supervised learning to detect remote homology across protein species using datasets ranging from 10,000 to 1,000,000 rows
Designed and performed biophysics experiments on actin proteins involving Total Internal Reflection Fluorescence
Collected information about customers’ reactions towards launching a new project through online surveys
Created graphs about current profit, and developed a statistical model to assess which predictors are significant
 Led meetings to discuss the prospects and possible risks of the project and put forward an initial proposal of finance lease
Proposed future stock investment through analyzing macroeconomic and microeconomics report in recent quarters given by major brokerages
Identified the most profitable industries using the financial software WIND
Streamlined project management system by optimizing progress visualizations to automatically incorporate new data and show updates; reduced time and labor cost and offered leadership clearer views of project execution
Centralized data from 5 testing units onto one platform; built executive dashboard and calculated crucial statistics to synthesize project progress; helped leadership identify delays and enhanced team coordination
Divided customer-company relationship into 4 lifecycles using Gaussian Mixture and Gradient Boosting on 70,000 customer data in Python; helped investment advisors maintain a healthy relationship with customers
Calculated customer churn probability and life value in stock market using Cox Hazards model; developed differentiated customer strategy based on their lifecycle, churn probability and life value to decrease leaving rate
Systemized portfolio construction process by building construction and comparison prototype in RShiny through
Optimized fund allocation engine using non-linear optimization in R; calculated ideal fund percentages under constraint to target asset mapping with least number of trades and money movement
Extracted the color and shape of each clothing item in Zara database using K-Means and Auto-encoder in Python
Found affordable substitutes for expensive items inputs using KNN with 73% decrease in training error and presented findings at the annual data science conference Analytics Exchange 2019 - Women in Data Science & AI
Predicted and visualized subscriber amount in 2, 5, 8 years within 5% error margin given channel features using
Created web app on Flask for user input and subscriber trend visualization; built pipeline from S3 to AWS RDS
Analyzed Venmo’s degree distribution on 100M data in PySpark to visualize trend in reciprocal transaction
Distinguished key features for transaction classification by conducting text mining on comments and emoji; classified and visualized transactions into 5 types for future customer strategy development using DBSCAN
Led team of 4 to combine and analyze residential data in 5 datasets and predict churn probability using Random
Presented insights on retaining customers through segmentation; ranked top 5 among 50 teams from 30 colleges
Traveling (Egypt, Sahara, Amazon Forest); wine-tasting (WSET certificate); Zheng (classical Chinese instrument)
Increased code efficiency 20% by streamlining current HQL script. Analyzed 200M+ credit data to generate consumer credit distribution and created 17 metrics to assess borrowing patterns among 9 lines of business.
Composed quarterly Industry Insight Report to visualize and summarize credit trends in the U.S. consumer lending industry based on the metrics composed in Hive.
Performed time series analysis and built seasonal ARIMA models to predict future 3 years’ quarterly credit bureau sales to identify potential growth and optimize KPI planning.
Supported potential $100 million public offering by conducting audit assignment for Huanyou International Travel including confirmation letter assurance and revenue recognition tasks.
Increased social media following number by 10% in 5 weeks by building a multivariate regression model in R-studio to identify factors that influence the online article views for the firm’s social media accounts.
Selected and verified 600+ sample entries of CITCC’s book of accounts, including cash sales, interest income, accounts receivable, mortgage payments and dividend income to ensure the accuracy of transactions.
Conducted comparable analysis of the firm’s financial statements to identify potential reasons of abnormal bank accounts and other significant differences in the companies’ financial statements compared to past performances.
Led a store expansion project for Rainbow Bird and composed a proposal to the client based on the research of 5 competitor schools’ course structures, location selections and marketing strategies.
Improved client bookings 40% and revenues 20% by redesigning course structure and employee compensation policy.
Performed demand classification for over 13,000 products by analyzing the buying patterns using ~1.6M financial data.
Conducted multiple time series analysis to identify the best predictive model within each demand category and forecast quarterly future demand for 1,300 products-plant combinations with accuracy higher than 80%.
Built interactive dashboard in Tableau to provide visualizations for branch managers to optimize inventory planning.
Created a system that helps users find affordable substitutes for their choice of outfits using TensorFlow.
Built a CNN model and a K-Means model training on over 5000 pictures to learn the shape and extract the color of the input clothing items.
Fitted a KNN model to identify the most similar item of the user input images, successfully decreased the loss of the baseline model by 73.33%.
Predicted IOS store application ratings with supervised learning methods including Random Forest and XGBoost, increased the accuracy by 30% compared to the baseline linear regression model.
Created interactive web app on Flask using HTML, JavaScript and Python, built the pipeline from S3 to AWS RDS.
Cloned/Migrated databases using RMAN and traditional Datapump export/import utilities in Oracle 10gR2. 
Implemented recovery strategies whenever required and successfully recovered databases in case database crash, media/disk failures by using RMAN. 
Scheduling the Physical backups (hot & cold) in CRON tab using RMAN utility and monitoring the scheduled jobs. 
Worked on Installation and maintenance of Oracle 11g, 12C RAC databases including Golden gate, ASM and CRS. 
Responsible for Creating Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and assigning the users to groups and grant necessary privileges to the relevant groups. 
Used SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN utilities for optimizing and tuning SQL queries. 
Maintained the data integrity and security using integrity constraints and database triggers. 
Provided 24X7 support for all the production and development databases. 
Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch". 
Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature using Datapump Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) allowing users to quickly move a user Tablespace across Oracle databases. 
Expertise in implementing data refreshes (at database, schema & table level) using RMAN utility and Datapump, conventional Export/Import of Oracle 11g, 10g. 
Performed Installation and configuration of Oracle 10.2.0.1 database on HP-UX platform. 
Successfully performed migrations from Oracle 9i/10g to 10gR2 RAC (Real Application) Database. 
Successfully upgraded the databases from 11g to non CDB 12c. 
Successfully migrated 12c Non CDB databases to pluggable databases. 
Conducted vulnerability assessments using NESSUS and NMAP on AF Mission Systems as directed by the AF Test Squadron (TS) Mission Commander. 
Advised Mission Partners on finding mitigations while mapping back to Risk Management Framework (RMF) controls. 
Briefed Finding and Mitigation reports to senior leadership and recommended course of actions (COAs). 
Authored CVPA assessment instructions on Microsoft Active Directory (AD) and Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP). 
Provided clients with DISA SCAP findings and STIG compliancy on a variety of STIG Categories. Information Systems Security Officer ALPHA-OMEGA CHANGE ENGINEERING - Williamsburg, VA November 2017 to September 2018 Williamsburg, Virginia Assigned to USAF Kirtland AFB Aircrew Training and Rescue Simulation (ATARS) Albuquerque, New Mexico US Government Contractor Supervisor: Jerry Gibson Information Systems Security Officer, November 2017 - September 2018 Assigned to the Simulator Common Architecture Requirements and Standards (SCARS) team. 
Engineered security architecture to perform Assured Compliance Assessment Solution (ACAS) scans on multiple helicopter simulators simultaneously. 
Developed test plans to test ability to perform ACAS scans while the simulators are being operationally used by instructors and students. 
Collected artifact data to show impact of scans against simulator subcomponents. Collected CPU, Memory, Disk IO, and Network IO in normalized and scanned environment. 
Wrote comprehensive reports to government customer to assist in Program Manager (PM) decisions on scanning and future simulator requirements. Sr. Cyber Security Analyst / Assessor QUALIS CORPORATION - Huntsville, AL May 2017 to November 2017 Huntsville Alabama Assigned to Air Force Operational Test and Evaluation Center - Operating Location - Kelly Texas (AFOTEC OL-KT) Albuquerque, New Mexico US Government Contractor Supervisor: Joseph Derrico Sr. Cyber Security Analyst / Assessor, May 2017 - November 2017 
First contractor hired as AFOTEC OL-KT transition's from Lackland AFB, San Antonio, TX to Kirtland AFB, Albuquerque, NM. 
Establishing continuity processes as additional employees on-board in the Albuquerque location. 
Traveled to US Pacific Command (PACOM) to support Cyber Assessment Program (CAP) planning activities and exercise execution on major weapon system programs. As a key analyst and subject matter expert, provided recommendations to the US ARMY PACIFIC (USARPAC). USARPAC is a new participant in PACOM cyber exercises and clear direction were vital. Consultant type recommendations were provided to USARPAC and the Regional Cyber Center (RCC). 
Authored documents detailing CAP status and reports to AFOTEC and Director, Operational Test and Evaluation (DOT&E). 
Briefed senior leadership on finding details and recommended course of actions (COAs). 
Participated in Joint/service exercise planning, actively developing test strategies for upcoming assessments. 
Assisted with on-boarding contractor and sub-contractor personnel.  LOCKHEED MARTIN SPACE SYSTEMS COMPANY (LM SSC) AEROTEK CORPORATION Albuquerque, NM Space Missile Command US Government Contractor Supervisor: Adolph Perea Sr. Information Systems Security Engineer ISSE February 2016 to May 2017 Note: Brought on to LM SSC after one year contract-to-hire with Aerotek) 
As lead Sr. ISSE was assigned to Multi-Mission Space Operations Center - Ground Systems Architecture (MMSOC GSA), responsible for all cyber security related issues. 
Coordinated with SMC ISSE staff to allow for team continuity. 
Provided periodic risk assessments to Government ISSM and ISSO. Identified risk areas of concern and recommended mitigation, if possible. Assured rigorous application of information assurance policies, principles, and practices. Recognized extreme attention to detail. 
Authored detailed ISSE Assessments for all requested additions to the systems, providing analysis and risk assessments to the US Government Information Systems Security Officer (ISSO) and Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM). Recommended risk mitigations. 
Attended system Configuration Control Board (CCB) and briefed ISSE risk assessment and mitigations to upper management and key development personnel to include Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) personnel. 
Worked with key sub-contractors to provide understanding, management, and implementation of Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIGs). * Traveled to sub-contractor location to develop strategies to improve the cyber security posture on a key application that had serious category 1 (CAT I) findings. 
Maintained Enterprise Mission Assurance Support Service (eMass) Department of Defense Information Assurance Certification and Accreditation Program (DIACAP) package. Updated artifacts and verified control compliance. Recommended mitigations to reduce overall risk to the ISSO/ISSM. 
Preparing transition from DIACAP to Risk Management Framework (RMF). 
Prepared and briefed Information Assurance (IA) team status to LM SSC Program Manager (PM).  QUALIS CORPORATION Huntsville Alabama Assigned to AFOTEC OL-KT, Lackland AFB, TX US Government Contractor Supervisor: Henry Hall Validation Analyst Remediation April 2015 to February 2016 
As Team lead conducted Vulnerability Verification Review (VVR) on DIACAP/RMF associated controls, and provided remediation / mitigation guidance. 
Provided in-house training on VVR assessments. 
Established VVR tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTP). 
Prepared and delivered oral presentations of high level findings. 
Documented findings in comprehensive reports that were submitted to AFOTEC and Defense Operation Test and Evaluation (DOT&E) leadership. 
Developed, staffed, standardized, evaluated, commented, and provided corrective actions on internal and external program documentation. 
Supported and documented Incidence Response (IR) training at Hickam AFB, HI. Provided consultant type recommendations to the training audience. 
Supported and documented Opposing Force (OPFOR) Red team activities during cyber exercise event. Consulted with Red team members, establishing strategic methods to meet exercise requirements. Sr. Information Assurance Manager - III US Army Civilian (GS) - Fort Sam Houston, TX September 2010 to April 2015 Fort Sam Houston, TX Assigned to 106th Signal Brigade US Government Civilian - GS-13-2210 (INFOSEC) Supervisor: Patrick Gillilan Sr. Information Assurance Manager - III, Sept 2010 - April 2015  
Direct-hired to GS-13 (2210- INFOSEC) position from Northrop Grumman contractor position. 
Senior Information Assurance Manager, responsible for direct management and oversight for (9) nine western US Network Enterprise Center's (NECs) Information Assurance (IA) Programs. Established, managed, and assessed the overall effectiveness of the IA Computer Security (COMPUSEC) program IAW AR25-1, and AR25-2. 
Led and represented the Brigade on a large variety of IA projects. Action Officer on several TASK Orders including SIPR PKI implementation. Managed large number of simultaneous deliverables to the subordinate NECs and higher headquarters. 
Provided detailed reports, situational reports (SITREPs), and briefings to Brigade commander and higher headquarters. Presented at several Army cyber security conferences at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. 
Conducted DIACAP validations in sister Brigade (93rd Sig Brigade) area-of-responsibility (AOR). Authored detailed reports that were submitted to the Designated Approving Authority (DAA) for ATO determinations. Recommended mitigation strategy. 
Requested by name to conduct and document IA preparation for Command Cyber Readiness Inspection (CCRI) outside the Continental US (CONUS) at Fort Shafter, Hawaii. This was outside the normal Area of Responsibility (AOR). 
Prepared NECs for validations and CCRIs. Recognized as key player / team lead with US Army Civilian Achievement Medal by Fort Campbell NEC Director, Dr. Webb. Kept NEC focus on security principles and focus from absolute top down personnel was recognized in all subordinate customer reviews. Established compliance matrixes to ensure information assurance procedures were consistently met and appropriately reported. 
Authored and submitted scorecards, Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&Ms), and wrote supporting artifacts. 
Assisted NEC staffs with software / hardware selection and preparation of Army Certificate of Networthiness (CON) documentation. Evaluated proposed systems and software for cyber risks. 
Conducted General Officer briefs and executive summaries. Established IT vulnerability reporting criteria that was adopted by higher headquarters. 
Action officer (AO) for 106th Signal Brigade SIPR PKI implementation. Provided lessons learned and status reporting to 7th Signal Command (Theater). Coordinated efforts with sister Brigade. 
Compiled Vulnerability Management System (VMS) reports and worked with NEC personnel to implement fix actions in an expedient fashion. 
Managed the Brigade Ports, Protocols, and Services programs on behalf of the Signal Command. Considered a SME on PPS documentation and submission. 
Trained and mentored Brigade personnel on Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) and Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) certifications. 
Full spectrum cyberspace operation experience from systems, operating systems, network devices, and system architecture.  Northrop Grumman Corporation Los Angeles, CA Sr. Information Assurance Engineer 106th Signal Brigade - Fort Sam Houston, TX October 2009 to September 2010 Oct 2009 - Sept 2010  
Provided Senior Information Assurance Engineer support for NECs throughout the western US. 
Developed and recommended technical solutions to meet AR25-2 requirements. 
Fly away team lead to prepare NECs for validations and CCRIs. Wrote Standing Operating Procedures (SOPs) and other artifacts to meet Army IA requirements demonstrating technical writing ability. 
Coordinated Operations Order (OPORD) implementation and documentation as Brigade Action officer providing command level reports to 7th Signal Command and NETCOM. Sr. Information System Security Engineer (ISSE) Overwatch Systems - Austin, TX October 2008 to September 2009 
Implemented STIGs and provided test artifacts of Overwatch developed software. 
Principle advisor to development staff on security application and remediation of vulnerabilities. 
Coordinated security test and evaluation (ST&E) with US Army, US Air Force, and National Security Agency IA teams. 
Subject matter expert on JAFAN 6/0, DCID/JAFAN 6/3, DCID/JAFAN 6/9 and Joint DODIIS/Cryptologic SCI information standards. 
Provided technical documentation and artifacts for Department of Defense Technology Security Certification and Accreditation Program (DITSCAP) and DIACAP. Government Contractor / Consultant W&K Solutions - La Vernia, TX March 2003 to October 2008 
Provided consultant services to nineteen different corporations doing US Government industrial security work. 
Implemented National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM) guidance. 
Implemented US State Department FAM security guidance 
Provided 24/7 on-call support. 
Conducted ISSO training. 
Supported clients on-site when having Defense Security Service (DSS) or other agency audits. 
Developed security test plans and documentation. Completed accreditation documentation for DCID 6/9 systems. 
Provided IT support for Secret SAP systems. 
Provided expert SME level consultation on systems, network devices, and system architecture. IT Security Manager Zachry-Caddell Joint Venture - San Antonio, TX September 2002 to March 2004 Sept 2002 - March 2004  
IT Security Manager for US Embassy construction project in Beijing China. 
Provided IT support for ZCJV HQ in San Antonio, TX. 
Managed budget and implemented cost saving solutions in support of global operation. 
Provided COMSEC support of KIV and STE devices. 
Performed audit reviews of ZCJV network devices, servers and US State Department workstations. 
Performed daily backups. 
Trained sub-contractors and provided oversight throughout the US. 
Effective communication 
Risk management 
Time management 
Critical thinking 
Problem prioritization 
Strong attention to details IT Skills and Competencies 
Various software and hardware 
IT management 
Solid understanding of data networks and VoIP 
Technical writing for technical and non-technical end-users 
Process improvement 
Documentation and training Soft Skills 
Communication 
Creativity 
Conflict resolution 
Problem-solving 
Leadership 
Flexibility
Configure Web and Spam filter (LightSpeed) 
Configure and maintain VMware Servers 
Configure and run Tape backup system (Backup Exec, HP Library, Quantum Library) 
Software knowledge; Kronos, Unity, FinancePlus, VM, Backup Exec, Windows OS/Server 
Configure Wireless Access points 
Run network cabling 
Configure iPad/iPhone, Android tablets, and Chromebooks 
Configure and help transition from Microsoft products to Google 
Maintain Student databases for several applications 
Work on six campuses with 1500 computers. 
Answer helpdesk phone calls - troubleshooting 
Network computers and printers 
Creating student and teacher accounts in AD and Exchange BRAZOSPORT COLLEGE September 2011 to January 2012 IT Helpdesk 
Responsible for answering phone calls and logging in work orders 
Help troubleshoot problems over the phone 
Remote into computers to fix problems 
Restore computers to upgrade
Handled critical situations like out of memory, database problems, hardware failures, job failures etc. Restored applications and servers in very short interval of time. Co-ordinated with Infrastructure, Database, Network and UNIX teams to resolve the problems. 
Created SOPs, training material, system appreciation documents / playbooks, deployment guides, deployment checklists, instructions, package notes manuals and procedures. Environment: IBM RAD, Java 1.7, JSF, Spring Core, Spring Boot, Angular 6,Angular Material, Serena Dimensions, Websphere 8.5 Application server, JPA Hibernate , JSON, Oracle PL/SQL Stored Procedures, JUnit, Selenium, SQL Developer, Node Js, Angular 5 , Visual Studio. Java + Mainframe Developer CVS Health - Buffalo Grove, IL August 2013 to December 2013 Project Description: The C2C process in eligibility is aimed to fins all the participants which may have moved from one PBM plan to other. Such participants have two ID's - one old and other new. Once they are identified their drug allergy, comments and all other relevant information are copied from old ID to new ID. There are many client companies of CVS Caremark and they were processed together, which took much time. The Eligibility Business Users wanted a functionality to run the C2C process for some particular clients on a priority basis. The design was a complex one and the construction was voluminous. This new functionality was achieved with minimal defects and on time. Responsibilities: 
Responsible for team management, status tracking of all phases - design, coding, unit testing and QA. Responsible for the quality of the deliverables and getting sign-offs from stakeholders. 
Performed impact analysis of the C2C enhancements on the regular C2C system and ensured that both processes ran independently. 
Designed and developed the UI in Spring MVC for submitting mainframe jobs for C2C process. Provided the application a facility to look into the history and status of the running jobs and finished jobs. 
Designed and developed COBOL, DB2 stored procedures for persistence. 
Wrote batch COBOL programs and associated JCL's. Used DFSORT, IEBGENER, DSNTUIL, FAST UNLOAD and other mainframe utilities extensively. 
Participated in the code deployments, Architecture review meetings, Design documents updates, project status meetings and environment set-up status meetings. 
Used HP Quality Center for issue tracking 
Participated in code reviews and knowledge sharing sessions. Environment: JDK 1.6, Spring MVC, JDBC, CICS Transactions, DB2 Stored Procedures, IBM RAD 7.5 Serena Dimensions, Serena Changeman, JCL, COBOL, DFSORT, REXX. Mainframe Developer CVS Health - Buffalo Grove, IL January 2013 to July 2013 Project Description: Caremark's Eligibility system is a merger of 3 systems - RECAP, RXCLAIM, QL. Some of the beneficiaries also called participants / members are being moved to RXCLAIM platform. CVS has many channels for prescription refills - Mail Order, Point of Sale, and Through Paper Forms. This project was to port all existing membership data from QL to RXCLAIM systems.  Responsibilities: 
Implemented the network TCP/IP communications between Z/OS and AS/400 server using both LU 6.2 and EZASOKET interfaces. 
Prepared the design document for the functional requirements from business. 
Enhanced the central validation COBOL module to be called form both batch and online environments. 
Changed the calling parameters of the central validation COBOL module so that it suited all the caller COBOL modules. 
Made changes to nearly 90+ calling programs of the central validation program. 
Wrote extensive Unit Test Cases for different scenarios and for both batch and CICS environments. 
Used Serena Dimensions as the Versioning tool. 
Used IBM Debugger for Batch and CICS debugging. 
Created a logging system for all the routed transaction those were meant for validation on RxClaim AS/400 server. 
Worked with the Hewlett Packard router management team to configure communication between DEV/SIT/UAT/PORD environments. 
Designed and developed Java classes, JSP pages, Action Beans, and Action Classes. 
Participated in Production Support activities. 
Monitored the error logs using Log4j and fixed the problems. 
Worked on deployment, debugging and fixing issues. 
Worked closely with Business Analyst on refining the requirements. 
Participated in peer code reviews and knowledge sharing sessions. 
Created UI in Spring MVC and JQuery. 
Used JMS and Spring in conjunction for integrating Openspan with Websphere MQ. 
Worked on deployment, enhancement, debugging and fixing issues. 
Worked on and coordinated with clients and team to gather requirements, and test the applications. 
Used Serena Dimensions as version control system to commit codes. 
Timely and satisfactorily reverted back with all the queries raised for product/project. In addition provided whatever support needed for the project/product. 
Attended regular status update meetings, and conveyed all important status updates timely. Environment: Openspan Studio IDE, Attachmate Extreme, Websphere MQ, JMS, Spring Core, Spring MVC, IBM RAD, Websphere 6.5, JQuery. Java Developer CVS Health - Scottsdale, AZ February 2011 to December 2011 Project Description: The IVR system allows the Cardholders to get their prescriptions by ordering on phone. These prescriptions may be new or they may be refills. The system does authentication, establishes cardholder's eligibility, does adjudication, tells the cardholder about the cost etc. There is another interface where a Doctor can prescribe for his/her patients. The IVR system also allows the cardholder to talk to the Pharmacists and the customer care representative. The IVR System is also capable of conduction a customer satisfaction survey if the cardholder agrees to. The front end is written in Nuance VOICEXML 2.0 specifications in accordance with W3C. The application runs on the server called Nuance V-Server. Nuance provides an application Development IDE for voice browser's called V-Builder. The back end is written in java which runs on IBM Websphere application server. The communication between the V-Server and IBM Websphere App Server is done through exchange of XML. Responsibilities: 
Designed and developed Application using JSP and POJO pattern. 
Designed and developed VXML grammars for interpreting users responses over phone and covert them to XML files. 
Developing complete audio files using audio dictionary. 
Developed POJO to be used by various JSP pages {for example authentication JSP for cardholder by D.O.B and last 4 of social} on websphere application server. 
Design and implementation of the business logic. 
Used Hibernate Persistence ORM frameworks for IVR specific data. 
Consumed SOAP web services for interacting with the enterprise data. 
Worked on development of Hibernate including mapping files, configuration file and classes to interact with the database. 
Involved in complex query to call the SQL and DB2 Database using Hibernate Query Language (HQL). 
Responsible for setting up the development environment and configuration of the server. 
Reported and raised all the encountered defects and worked on fixing it. 
Contributed in build and release/deployment process. 
Analyzed the impact of the fixes and enhancements on the current state of the system, and prioritized them. 
Timely and satisfactorily reverted back with all the queries raised for product/project. In addition provided whatever support needed for the project/product. 
Performed performance tuning through code reviews and changes. 
Involved in deployment & enhancement activities. Debugging and fixing of several production issues. 
Attended regular Status Update Meeting and conveyed all important status updates timely. Environment: Java 6.0, JSP, Hibernate, SOAP Webservices, Nuance V-Server, Nuance V-Builder, VXML, Serena Dimensions, IBM RAD, Websphere 6.5 and SDLC waterfall Methodology. Mainframe Developer CVS Health - Scottsdale, AZ August 2010 to January 2011 Project Description: Every time a beneficiary fills a prescription under Medicare Part D, a prescription drug plan sponsor must submit a summary record called the prescription drug event (PDE) data to CMS cms.gov. CVS submits a mainframe flat file 512 byte PDE records to CMS to get the payments of the Part-D benefit. CMS changed the record layout of the file in 2011 introducing many new fields and expanded some of the field lengths.  The PDE system executed CICS transactions for real-time transactions. The system used a set of hourly, daily, weekly, monthly, audit and report jobs. All the jobs needed to be readjusted to be processed for the new file layout.  Due to expansion of the some of the columns in DB2, the database needed to be adjusted and many of the batch sort cards had to be adjusted. Responsibilities: 
Prepared detailed design document from functional requirement attending long meetings with BA's, SME's and tech leads. 
Analyzed the impact of the fixes and enhancements on the current state of the system, and prioritized them. 
Managed a globally distributed team Noida, Manila, and Scottsdale during design, coding and QA phases. Responsible for assignment of work to team members. Tracked progress of the project and deliverables. 
Responsible for quality for all phases - design, coding, unit testing and QA. 
Reported and raised all the encountered defects and worked on fixing it. 
Used HP Quality Center for issue tracking. 
Involved in deployment activities.  Environment: JCL, Serena Changeman, File manager, IBM debug tool, DB2, CICS, Cobol, SAR, HP quality center. Java Developer CVS Health - Noida, Uttar Pradesh July 2007 to June 2010 Project Description: Caremark is a leading PBM Prescription Benefit Management services provider in the United States. PBM's generally tie up with health insurance providers for their group health cover ages in many organizations. The employees of these organizations are supplied medicines at affordable prices. Eligibility is the enrollment division of CVS Caremark.  The UI part of the system is called Peoplesafe. It allows business users to create/update membership eligibility data on a need to need basis. While the batch system allows data management on a client level, UI part allows data management for a family involving a cardholder and dependents. The mainframe part of the application executed batch jobs. The main work of eligibility system is to reconcile the database of the client organization and CVS Caremark's database. There are agents known as Eligibility Administrators who take care of a particular set of client organization's employees' enrollments. Once they push any reconciliation dataset into mainframes either by FTP or through Tape Control-M starts a particular job for that client organization and the database reconciliation process starts.  Responsibilities: 
Designed and developed Application based on functional requirements. 
Developed automations for various reports to management on daily load jobs. 
Worked as a data analyst by providing alternative solutions of huge SQL queries. 
Production log analysis to identify the frequency of particular business interruptions. 
Reported and raised all the encountered defects and worked on fixing it. 
Used HP Quality Center for issue tracking. 
Timely and satisfactorily reverted back with all the queries raised for product/project. In addition provided whatever support needed for the project/product. 
Performed performance tuning through code reviews and changes. 
Involved in deployment & enhancement activities. Debugging and fixing of several production issues. 
Involved in doing presentation and training sessions to the Development team on the existing project 
Worked on several standard python packages like Numpy, matPlotLib, Pickle, PySide, Scipy, wxPython, PyTables etc. 
Implemented responsive web pages using HTML5/CSS3, Bootstrap and XML/JSON based SOAP and REST web services. 
Analyzed and gathered business requirements specifications by interacting with client and understanding business requirement specification documents. 
Developed the presentation layer using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery and AJAX. 
Worked on front end frameworks like CSS, Bootstrap for responsive web pages. 
Used JQuery libraries for all client side JavaScript manipulations. 
Utilized Python libraries wxPython, numPY, Twisted and matPlotLib. 
Implemented SQLAlchemy which is a python library for complete access over SQL. 
Worked on ElementTree XML API in python to parse XML documents and load the data in database. 
Skilled in collections and used for manipulating and looping through different user defined objects. 
Developed views and templates with Python and Django's view controller and templating language to created user-friendly website interface. 
Used Django configuration to manage URLs and application parameters. 
Created entire application using Python, Django, MySQL and Linux. 
Created scripts for system administration and AWS using languages such as BASH and Python. 
Accessed database objects using Django Database APIs. 
Created database using MySQL, wrote several queries to extract/store data. 
Exported/Imported data between various data sources. 
Integrated data from multiple applications using ETL and ELT tools like SSIS. 
Experienced in Agile Methodologies and SCRUM Process. 
Identified several hidden bugs caused by complicated multithreading issues such as race conditions caused by asynchronous events and resolved them. 
Responsible for debugging and troubleshooting the web application. 
Took charge in the entire project's lifecycle which includes Design, Development and Deploying, Testing, Implementation and support. 
Used Design patterns efficiently to improve the code reusability. 
Coordinated with the offshore development team and assisted them when required. Environment: Python, Django, CSS3, HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap, XML, MYSQL, Linux, AWS, GIT, Ansible, SSIS, Agile-Scrum, Linux, Bash. Python Developer Rockwell Collins - Chicago, IL July 2014 to October 2016 Responsibilities: 
Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using the HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery. 
Implemented AJAX for dynamic functionality of web pages for front end applications. 
Developed and tested many features for dashboard, created using Bootstrap, CSS, and JavaScript. 
Worked on server side applications with Django using Python programming. 
Used Pandas for a data alignment and data manipulation. 
Utilized standard Python modules such as csv, itertools and pickle for development. 
Worked on Python OpenStack APIs and used Numpy for Numerical analysis. 
Used Ajax and JQuery for transmitting JSON data objects between frontend and controllers. 
Developed Wrapper in Python for instantiating multi-threaded application. 
Developed views and templates with Python and Django's view controller and templating language to created user-friendly website interface. 
Managed datasets using Panda data frames and MySQL, queried MYSQL database queries from python using ETL and ELT tools like SSIS. 
Used JIRA for bug tracking and issue tracking. 
Added several options to the application to choose particular algorithm for data and address generation. 
Developed the project in Linux environment. 
Used MongoDB implemented automate scripts to back up the old records and transfer these backup files using ftplib library. 
Monitor the Spark jobs in Spark URL and Involved in Unit test and debugging after development. 
Used Agile Methodology and SCRUM Process. 
Maintained the versions using GIT and sending the release notes for each release. 
Supported the issues seen in the tool across all the teams for several projects. Environment: Python, Django, CSS, HTML, BOOTSTRAP, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, MYSQL, Linux, GIT, Openstack, SSIS, Agile-Scrum, MongoDB. Full Stack Python Developer Williams-Sonoma - San Francisco, CA November 2012 to July 2014 Responsibilities: 
Translated the customer requirements into design specifications and ensured that the requirements translate into software solution. 
Application was based on service oriented architecture and used Python, Django, Ajax, HTML5, CSS for the frontend. 
Worked on backend of the application, mainly using Active Records. 
Created UI using JavaScript and HTML5/CSS. 
Utilized Python Libraries like Boto3, numPY for AWS. 
Developed and tested many features for dashboard using Python, Bootstrap, CSS, and JavaScript. 
Writing backend programming in Python. 
Used JavaScript and XML to update a portion of a webpage and Node.js for server side interaction. 
Implemented web applications in Flask and Django frameworks following MVC architecture. 
Develop consumer based features and applications using Python, Django, HTML, behavior Driven Development (BDD) and pair based programming. 
Performed Unit testing, Integration Testing, GUI and web application testing using Rspec. 
Used many regular expressions in order to match the pattern with the existing one. 
Developed another scripts that will be moving the data from HDFS to Amazon S3. 
Deployed project into Amazon web services (AWS) using amazon elastic bean stalk. 
Used Celery as task queue and RabbitMQ, Redis as messaging broker to execute asynchronous tasks. 
Managed, developed and designed a dashboard control panel for customers and Administrators using Django, Oracle DB and PostgreSQL. 
Used Pandas library for statistical Analysis and Numpy for Numerical analysis. 
Developed asynchronous notifications by using tornado. Environment: Python, Django, Flask, HTML5/CSS, Javascript, Bootstrap, NodeJS, MS SQL Server, Jasper Reports, Eclipse, Linux, Shell Scripting, AWS Elastic Beanstalk, Tornado, Oracle DB, PostgreSQL. Django Developer Python August 2010 to October 2012 Responsibilities: 
Used Agile Methodology and SCRUM Process. 
Responsible for gathering requirements, system analysis, design, development, testing and deployment. 
Participated in the complete SDLC process. 
Developed Business logic using Python. 
Used Django framework for database layer development. 
Developed user interface GUI using CSS, HTML, JavaScript and JQuery. 
Responsible for setting up Python REST API framework using DJANGO. 
Created database using MySQL, wrote several queries to extract data from database using ETL and ELT tool (SSIS). 
Used memcache as in memory key-value pair database to reduce traffic to database server. 
Wrote scripts in Python for automation of testing jobs. 
Deployment and Build of various environments including Linux and UNIX 
Installed and maintained web servers Tomcat and Apache HTTP (1.3, 2.2) Web servers in Red Hat Linux. 
Used web services for integration and testing. 
Jira is used as project management tool for issue tracking and bug tracking. 
Implemented monitoring and established best practices around using elastic search. 
Effectively communicated with the external vendors to resolve queries. Environment: Python, Django, C++, JSON, XML, SOAPUI, HTML, Restful API, Shell Scripting, SQL, MySQL, GIT, Linux, JIRA, Apacke HTTP, Tomcat. Software Engineer Aditi Technologies - Bengaluru, Karnataka July 2008 to August 2010 Responsibilities: 
Involved in the Design, development, test, deploy and maintenance of the website. 
UI was developed using HTML, AJAX, CSS and JavaScript 
Developed single page application using Backbone.js along with jQuery. 
Responsible for setting up Python REST API framework using DJANGO. 
Developed entire frontend and backend modules using Python on Django Web Framework. 
Generated property list for every application dynamically using Python modules like math, glob, random, itertools, functools. 
Developed Wrapper in Python for instantiating multi-threaded application. 
Developed views and templates with Python and Django's view controller and templating language to created user-friendly website interface. 
Responsible for search engine optimization to improve the visibility of the website. 
Used D3.js library for visualizations like transitions, line charts and bar graphs. 
Developed Merge jobs in Python to extract and load data into MySQL database. 
Designed and developed the presentation layer/client end and handled all the client side validation using JavaScript. 
Wrote validation scripts in SQL to validate data loading. 
Use Git for version control. 
Performed Unit and system testing. 
Trained users and did production support.
Managed project budgets of up to $42M and led cross-functional teams across broad technical, financial, and business disciplines. 
Defined processes and tools best suited to each project. Moved between agile and waterfall approaches depending on project specifics and client goals; creating detailed project roadmaps, plans, schedule, and work breakdown structures. Sales Engineer, Semiconductor Kyocera - Fremont, CA January 2016 to June 2016 Generated orders worth over $13M with semiconductor manufacturers for advanced engineering materials in Silicon Valley. 
Provided technical consult to client teams and engineers on new product designs. 
Contributed accurate revenue forecasting reports on monthly basis. Project Manager, Contracts Energy Recovery - San Leandro, CA October 2012 to August 2015 
Managed and delivered on an annual contract portfolio of $25M comprised of large-sized projects. 
Focused teams on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget, and with the desired result. 
Provided post-implementation integration support through training sessions and support roles. 
Created a single document containing all the configurations for all the IT systems provided for the Office of Fossil Energy. 
Built a new WebLogic and WebCenter Content environment for the purpose of migrating the back end data from Oracle Database to Microsoft SQL Server. 
Researched and implanted Kerberos Single Sign-On Authentication for all WebLogic applications. 
Documented the decommissioning of a field sites datacenter and fully restored it in a separate location to facilitate the recovery and subsequent storage of all its data for records keeping. 
Led the upgrades of the VMware environment (vCenter Servers and ESXi hosts) from vSphere 4.0 to vSphere 5.5. 
Designed, implemented, and administered a virtual Lync 2010 Server Enterprise environment capable of supporting 2300 internal and external end users on both desktop and mobile clients utilizing enterprise voice and conferencing. 
Designed and implemented Symantec Endpoint Protection environment to replace Symantec Antivirus. 
Custom development of sites utilizing clean modern code, often from scratch 
Wireframing of sites based on clear communication and best practices 
UI and UX design with consideration for client√≠s needs and desires 
Design and production of booklets, direct-mail, packaging, logos, business forms,invitations, booth display, PowerPoint presentations, ads, newsletters, posters,various promotional materials, magazines, book covers and interiors, ebooks, app icons, and online study guides 
Creating original and unique identity and branding systems 
Implementing design from within existing identity and branding guidelines 
Creation of visual identity standards, collaboration on Inside-Out brand 
Design, development, project management, and upkeep of program website 
Design and production of email blasts, social media graphics, and infographics 
Design of all print materials, from brochures to annual reports to teachingmanuals and more
Worked on Azure related daily tasks such as event monitoring and incident management 
Troubleshot Cloud related incidents and escalated according to policy and procedure 
Maintained Azure documentation to ensure all systems have accurate design documentation 
Collaborated with other IT teams and to provide support and project deliverables 
Deployed MBAS backup for sox compliance 
Created and managed sites in SharePoint 
Modernized OIG workstations with Windows 10, Office 2016, & OneDrive to replace VDI 
Troubleshot O365 and Windows 10 incident related tickets 
Managed user network permissions by maintaining user accounts in Active Directory 
Troubleshot VPN connectivity issues with Cisco VPN Client and Global Protect 
Configured VMware infrastructure monitoring for Peace Corps Clients 
Input of TNS entries in Oracle Net Manager 
Worked with a team of System Engineers, NOC, SOC, and Microsoft Support Staff to understand the agencies O365 and Azure Tenant builds 
Assisted engineers with the management of Microsoft Exchange Admin Portal; NetBackup (Veritas); Microsoft SCCM, SCOM and ADFS 
Created new user accounts using PowerShell 
Worked with senior engineers for monthly maintenance preparation
Spearheaded inventory control measures to replenish and maintain IT equipment, supplies, tools and replacement parts. 
Assisted in program development to integrate and update software products and improve system compatibility for students. 
Participated in deployment of hardware and software across the district. 
Maintain and troubleshoot devices, hardware & software on a daily basis. 
Follow maintenance protocols to ensure systems are secure and ready for users. 
Document all support calls in SchoolDude (IT Ticketing System) 
Prepares reference data and information for technology team in Microsoft OneNote.
Designed, developed and implemented new systems that simplified center operations. 
Installed, upgraded & troubleshooted all workstations & mobile devices. 
Provided phone/voice systems assistance. 
Displayed management effectiveness while demonstration excellent decision making and problem-solving skills. 
Downloaded and mapped data for use by diverse team members. 
Worked with software development team on reported errors and bugs on newly released software and assisted in deployment of release fixes. 
Responded to support requests from end users and patiently walked individuals through basic troubleshooting tasks. 
Properly installed CISCO Switches center wide for faculty, staff & student usage. 
Maintain student/teacher confidence and protect operations and devices by keeping information confidential. 
Perform basic computer troubleshooting to upgrade and College maintain lab computers and servers. 
Worked with software development team on reported errors and bugs on newly released software and assisted in deployment of release fixes. 
Developed and tested new product offerings prior to release to assist development team in bug identification. 
Demonstrated professionalism and courtesy with customers while working to resolve complaints, problems or respond to questions. 
Responded to support requests from end users and patiently walked individuals through basic troubleshooting tasks. 
Upgraded software and installed new versions to eliminate security problems and protect data.
Upgrade production/test databases from SQL 2K8 R2 to SQL 2012 
Troubleshooting performance problems, maintaining 24/7 uptime for all production databases 
Responsible for setting up test and development database instances (SQL 2008 R2, SQL 2012) 
Built Web application using Python, Django, HTML and template languages. Used Apache to deploy production site. 
Experience in using Design Patterns such as MVC and frameworks such as Django. 
Good understanding on String, List, Tuples, and Dictionary. 
Experienced in working with various Python Integrated Development Environments like IDLE and PyCharm. 
Very good knowledge on Regular Expressions, File Handling, Modules and Functions. 
Experience in developing User Interface using HTML. 
Extensively involved in developing web applications. 
Very Good knowledge in object-oriented concepts, Exceptional-Handling, Inheritance, Data structures. 
Good knowledge and work experience with MySQL. 
Manually performed Backend by writing SQL Queries. 
Involved in front-end designing using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Bootstrap. 
Designed and developed data management system using MySQL. 
Designed the Web application Using Python on Django Web Framework pattern to make it extensible and flexible. 
Responsible for debugging and troubleshooting the web application. 
Build all database mapping classes using Django models with the help of ORM like mysql. 
Involved in entire lifecycle of the project including Design, Development, and Deployment, implementation and support based on the requirement. python Developer Alron IT Solutions - Bangalore, KARNATAKA, IN October 2016 to March 2017 Working as a python Developer in IBM INDIA PVT LTD, Bangalore from April 2017 to till date. Alron IT Solutions October 2016 to March 2017 Description: V-Lay is an e-commerce project developed based on python platform. Through this site customer can do online shopping where he can have different options to purchase his/her products from different shops. This project consists of different retailers with their different products, so that customer can have different choices to select his/her product. Roles & Responsibilities: 
Involved in front-end designing using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Bootstrap. 
Designed and developed data management system using MySQL. 
Designed the Web application Using Python on Django Web Framework pattern to make it extensible andflexible. 
Responsible for debugging and troubleshooting the web application. 
Build all database mapping classes using Django models with the help of ORM like mysql. 
Responsible for developing and maintaining the user interface using SAPUI5 and Typescript 
Created various wizards, components and fragments for different pages in the application 
Implementing functionality on the frontend to make server calls which enables sending and retrieving data from the backend through the mid-tier 
Perform unit testing and accessibility testing in the application to ensure best user experience 
Perform code reviews and ensure the code meets the standards and prevent performance issues 
Implemented expandable tree structure in XML and Typescript for easier navigation through the application 
Worked on resolving defects which are logged during testing 
Actively communicated with the BA, UX and QUX teams to ensure that the functionality is good and to make improvements if necessary, in the user stories
Developed a responsive user interface using HTML, CSS, SASS and Bootstrap 
Applied template driven validations for the client-side forms 
Used RESTful APIs to ensure routing from the view can retrieve data from the server 
Implemented the dashboard, which shows data to the users if their permits and licenses are still pending or approved 
Worked on creating custom tooltips and pop-up modals in various components 
Implemented data tables in the application to make it easier for the users to search through the records 
Implemented data binding using NgRx for the application to be able to send and retrieve data from different components
Developed an interactive User Interface module using HTML, CSS, Angular and Bootstrap 
Integrated user facing angular components with server side using RESTful Web services 
Created a single page application which enables users to navigate through the pages without any lag 
Worked on different components which dealt with two-way data binding and interpolation 
Developed custom directives and services for different components to ensure modularity 
Implemented search functionality for the application in the data tables which helps users to look through large records of data 
Used REST APIs for making end-point calls from UI to backend 
Used Karma for unit testing and fixed bugs to ensure best performance
Adopted Agile for development methodology to improve software development process and elevate product while meeting defined goals and key deadlines. 
Created optimized graphic website and application interface with HTML, CSS and jQuery UI framework. 
Designed and developed front- end website with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and AJAX. 
Implemented 3rd-party services to add functionalities of online support and social networking into the web content. 
Responsible for the design, coordination and development of all internal and external visual communications for the websites.
Created multiple Splunk dashboards, alerts, and reports that were utilized across the organization 
Administered Cisco vEdge based SD-WAN environment utilizing vManage 
Utilized Cisco ISE for TACACS and RADIUS authentication 
Assisted with the migration to Cisco Firepower 2100/4100 NGFWs from ASA firewalls
Provided High-level Support to 300 end-users, including C-level Executives and remote users 
Finalized the network migration to a new Corporate Headquarters and Data Center 
Administered Office 365 and setup hybrid connection to Microsoft using Azure Active Directory Connect 
Utilized ManageEngine OpManager and Kaseya VSA for monitoring and documentation 
Provided project management of branch openings and major IT initiatives 
Added Duo 2FA solution to secure VPN and 3rd party authentication 
Migrated entire organization to new DIA circuit which dramatically improved end user experience
Configured virtual machines using Microsoft Hyper-V connected to a Nimble Storage array 
Administered VMs running Windows Server 2008 R2 & 2012 R2 
Managed a multi-site network connected via Cisco routers over MPLS  
Performed adds, moves & changes to Cisco CallManager and Wireless systems 
Setup Spiceworks ITSM server for inventory and configuration management 
Provided Tier 2 & 3 Desktop Support to over 200 end-users Network Engineer I Prince Corp
Successfully delivered cloud solutions with innovation and excellence 
Successfully provide Subject Matter Expertise, Technical guidance and documentation to client and team members 
Effectively configured, setup and deployed Oracle Network Environment / Tools 
Successfully administering user accounts ( Creating, Establishing and Managing Users, Roles, Privileges and Profiles ) for database users 
Effectively migrated and cloned databases using imp / exp utility, RMAN backups and DataGuard
Effectively performed database backup, restore and recovery using RMAN 
Effectively setup and maintains standby database via Data Guard / Disaster recovery 
Ensured database availability and optimal performance 
Resolved issues using ServiceNow ticketing system 
Patched databases by applying quarterly CPUs 
Effectively administered user accounts assigned appropriate privileges 
Successfully deployed Real application clusters ( RAC ) on ASM Storage 
Ensured database is tuned for optimal performance running Automatic Workload Repository (AWR), Explain plans, Automatic Database Diagnostic Management (ADDR) and SQL Optimizer 
Setup and configures database for network connectivity 
Effectively restoring development and test databases with production backup 
Used Export / Import tools for importing and exporting schemas, tables, tablespaces and databases 
Effectively migrated and cloned databases using imp / exp utility, RMAN backups and DataGuard 
Effectively resolved problems relating to data inserts and available space 
Effectively documented Database related issues, upgrades and changes 
Managed user accounts and assigned appropriate privileges 
Performed Database duplication with RMAN 
Installed, configured Oracle Database Software 
Performed Database Backup, restore and recovery using RMAN 
Upgraded the database and applied quarterly patches 
Tuning database for optimal performance using AWR, ADDR and Advisors. 
Diagnosing and resolving issues associated with the Database 
Setup and configured database network connectivity 
Schedules backups with Enterprise Manager. 
Monitored alert log and trace log files daily for potential problem identification and resolution 
Documented all important database related topics, issues, resolution and changes 
Participated in seminars, workshops and continuous learning events 
Facilitates and takes initiative on acquisition of Authority to Operate (ATO) from government agency 
Ensure adherence to Agile methodologies and guidance, Ensures adherence to government standards and regulations ( FISMA, FIPS 140-2, FedRAMP) 
Responsible for image deployment on new user workstations 
Ensured PCs are compliant with latest Windows OS patches 
Set up user workstations, printers and peripheral Installations 
Create, manage, reset and edit user accounts 
Effectively resolved user problems with hardware, software, and network related issues 
Setting up and configuring desktop workstations, phones, laptops and peripheral Installations 
Installing software and ensuring computers are compliant with OS patches 
Liaising with product managers and engineers to produce 5+ documents daily, including User Guides, Integration Guides, and API Developer Guides, etc.
Translating technical information and complex concepts to non-technical audience ensuring 100% user understandability
Collaborated with 5+ departments including development, QA, product management to draft and finalize product description
Planned, researched, wrote, and revised printed and online documentation, including general overviews, tutorials, installation & configuration instructions, and API documents
Oversaw peer editing and production to provide an in-depth review to ensure high quality
Provide proactive technical support and troubleshooting to 5000+ users on a wide range of IT-related issues
Ensure timely resolution of all issues by maintaining consistent communication with end-users and making follow-up calls
Develop up-to-date knowledge of company products and services to deliver support and service solutions in a better way
Troubleshoot software and hardware failures and identify network problems related to personal (desktop or laptop) computers
Manage backup systems for software and data in secured onsite environment
Engineered modern applications with Java, JavaScript, SQL Server, and No SQL.
Built innovative microservices and Web Services (incl. SOA/SOAP/REST/XML).
Utilized Cloud Foundry for efficient building on top of Kubernetes.
Efficiently deployed and integrated software engineered by team and updated integration/deployment scripts to improve continuous integration practices.
Liaised with Product Managers to identify minimum viable product requirements and clearly defined feature sets into well-scoped user stories for individual team members.
Supported Kell Tech’s testing and engineering processes.
Confirmed that completed software met client requirements.
Completed maintenance on existing programs.
Worked closely with product team on scope of future projects and innovations.
Carried out continuous identification, measurement, and improvement of processes.
Led team of 5 junior software engineers undertaking the software development life cycle for 9 bespoke client projects.
Engineered modern cloud infrastructure to store millions of client data points with full consideration for modern infosec.
Spearheaded implementation of watertight Principle of Least Authority across 100% of software engineering and associated team members.
Slashed security breaches by an average of 81% for all clients.
Built innovative user account control (UAC) features into new products to exceed industry standards and achieve 100% compliance with best practice.
Structure several internal systems comprising order entry/management tools, conversion/revenue reporting, and production workflow tracking, as well as designed custom REST APIs built in Python, Laravel PHP, and NodeJS.
Successfully installed Linux servers and virtualized environments using Docker, Hyper-V, and Amazon Web Services.
Designed and implemented PHP web application, streamlining high-server traffic resource configuration and allocation.
Contributed as the sole programmer in a fast-paced team environment.
Designed internal website for agents and management, saving an average $8,000 in labor costs per week.
Created an MS Access VBA module that processes 50 large CSV files with one click, saving 5 hours per week for 20 employees each.
Designed an information search form in MS Access employees can use to find client information quickly, cutting 40 hours per month of wasted searching time.
Built infrastructure to process millions of files in proprietary client systems.
Added security to existing product features. Achieved 100% compliance with industry best practices.
Benchmarked specifications for systems implementation.
Gathered extensive competitive data and audited competitors' websites and positioning to identify target market.
Contributed software engineering expertise in the development of products through the software lifecycle, from requirements definition through successful deployment.
Facilitated customization of systems by encouraging software engineering team to adopt emerging standards for software application development architecture and tools.
Participated in sales presentations due to ability to translate user needs into easy-to-understand software solutions. Helped sales team close five major deals generating more than $150K in revenue.
Excelled in rapid application development and management of technological issues for assigned projects, earning the highest customer satisfaction rating for all software solutions delivered.
Introduced methodologies and best practices that enhanced product definition, release processes and customization of applications to user needs.
Redesigned the rendering engine from scratch, speeding up the stock’s loading time by 600% 
Implemented an iOS search integration by developing a tool that extracts metadata from comments and captions 
Collaborated with a team of software engineers to refactor the code and reduce the service loading time by 95%
