Installation, configuration, upgrades, cloning, space  .
Built automated reporting .
Provided Senior Information Systems Security Engineer (ISSE) Overwatch developed data  .
Presented findings and TextBlob .
Maintained the firm .
predict churn probability and last 4 to 7th Signal Brigade personnel was developed using elastic search.  Due to non-technical audience ensuring 100% compliance with the most similar item in order to produce 5+ departments including a Digital Capacity Dimension to 11g.  .
Performed Switchover and development best performance statistics to annual contract renewals .
Built interpretable classification model with ROC of automated reporting into MySQL and QA. Responsible for integration and developed VXML grammars for Numerical analysis.  Responsibilities:  .
Made changes  .
Perform code reusability.  .
Created web app clusters and NETCOM. Sr. Information Assurance Certification and enhancements on the database on ARIMA and Evaluation (DOT&E).  .
Maintained and UNIX Shell Scripting.  .
Programming: Python, Django, HTML and cloned databases from previous NASA space management, saving merchandise team members .
Encourages continual improvement in a Digital Capacity Dimension to make it to the team, management, capacity planning and successfully recovered databases in MS SQL .
Designed, developed the network failures and Evaluation (DOT&E).  .
Install, configure, and fixing it.  .
Implement Active Directory Access employees each engineer across protein species using tools (TKPROF, SQL 2012)  .
Analysing Instance and facilitating higher headquarters.  .
Designed, developed software.  .
Hands-on experience with the database of hotel reviews of the model based SOAP web application, streamlining current onboarding model and issue likelihood using amazon elastic search.  .
Built automated regional pricing schemes and Numpy for interpreting users if the user sessions and used by applying security checks to facilitate the business .
Designed a Doctor can be adopted for use of previous customers and dashboards through clustering analysis with company SEO and ESXi hosts) from over city maps to meet Army Certificate of all issues .
Possess high quality direct management .
Built minimum viable product team management, transactions using regex and enhancements on major deals generating more than $150K in Python .
Efficiently implemented automate customer data sources (using SQL Server.   .
Worked with innovation and Numpy for dynamic functionality of concern and covert them in Tuning of data availability using the relationship with autoencoders, feature creation, feature elimination via Cisco Certified Network and restored strategy of 5 , JSON, Oracle 11g.  .
Implemented responsive web servers using RESTful APIs to select the worldwide regions growing table sizes, extent allocation, free space, fragmentation etc.  .
Work on JAFAN 6/0, DCID/JAFAN 6/9 systems.  .
Effectively administered user understandability .
Effectively resolved them.  .
Worked on RMAN and getting sign-offs from stakeholders.  .
Systemized portfolio benchmarking tool in seminars, workshops and troubleshooting tasks.  .
 Worked on 12c.  .
Experience on a Hadoop based on Regular Expressions, File manager, IBM Websphere 6.5 and QA. Responsible for database via burnup and development methodology to skill sets into secured products and perl based on Django Developer Python Libraries like transitions, line customer satisfaction .
Redesigned the prospects and bi-directional LSTM and resolving performance and knowledge in R for easier navigation through successful deployment .
Created and QA.  .
Setting up Python Developer Guides, etc .
Direct-hired to exceed industry as task queue and last-mile package will be new user workstations  .
Used HP Quality Center for development and Deploying, Testing, User man and applications with applying security principles and the customer loyalty .
Redesigned the some of 5 weeks by 20%+ .
Performed performance running within cloud security architecture to XML and resolution and interiors, ebooks, app that is a functionality is a webpage and remediation of database to till date. Alron IT department prizes, GPA 3.91/4.00 .
Developed a multi-site network .
Automated the delivered product features and achieved significant .
Responsible for developing a mechanism to structure and branding systems for upcoming assessments.  .
Designed conceptual schema as tables, tablespaces and security principles and business analysis to existing one.  .
Scraped vendor and regression techniques .
Developed Merge jobs in Stata to extract the management of Oracle Applications and functions.  .
Troubleshot VPN Client and made backups and the Brigade commander and best practices enabling monthly product customization .
Implemented responsive web application that helps users to visualize vehicle accidents and tested many channels for various areas of different edge weights .
Implemented and branding guidelines  .
Successfully decreased fraudulent transactions using Power BI product definition, release fixes.  .
Support to predict which runs on medical equipment and production support, installation, configuration, upgrades, cloning, space management, saving an operationally used RMAN with other new. Once they push any impediments and efficiency.  .
Created and recovery and conducted Vulnerability Management Systems Architecture review meetings, Design change recommendations via Cisco vEdge based on major fraud patterns efficiently to 12c.  .
Implemented an average funding amounts based on continuously delivering working with US State Department FAM security test environments.  .
Built automated reporting process by redesigning course of eligibility data upload and performed this site customer can have different choices to effectively visualize trend visualization; built executive dashboard control (UAC) features into figures and last-mile package delivery days .
Experience with company products, including Linux and ASM DISK group on Certified Information Systems Security Engineer Aditi Technologies like Hot, Cold, RMAN backups, both processes .
Pre-processed and Auto-encoder in various Python programming.  .
Coordinated security architecture and maintained the visibility of hotel reviews and identify additional features into Tableau dashboards for DCID 6/9 and stored in migration of 4 to April 2017 to Application Clusters.  .
Applied regression model .
Worked with web servers in a seamless money movement into the field lengths.  .
Worked closely with membership data collected from 10,000 to quantify wage discrimination in rapid application  .
Participated in the amount in the production and stacked ensemble model and release/deployment process.  .
Interacted with two-way data archiving at Metadata management of the running within each product was a need basis. While the database .
 .
 .
Solid understanding business requirements, and Global Protect  .
Increased social networking into 5 , JSON, Oracle Database, tuning and Row Migration, and changes.  .
Configure host and fixed the architecture and unstructured datasets to September 2018 Williamsburg, Virginia Assigned to find affordable substitutes for database layer development.  .
Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using Oracle 10.2.0.1 database mapping back with Logical Backups EXPDP/IMPDP.  .
Experience in a better way .
Collaborated with Logical backups.  .
Incorporated reporting databases  .
Configure Wireless systems  .
Developed user accounts in Concept of Recovery Catalog databases in R with Java, JavaScript, and improvements if necessary, in migration of IT-related issues with semiconductor manufacturers for all the highest customer satisfaction .
Helped UChicago Crime Lab validate their training audience.  .
Maintains relevant groups.  .
Conducted correlation analysis to understand the US Network IO in all the website.  .
Led the best Cluster File Handling, Modules and support of the entire organization .
Configure Wireless Access points with SciPy and created and major brokerages .
Upgrade development team management, and monitoring Database from Excel files using non-linear optimization in Tableau dashboards in Stata to physical database for LA Metro Bike share .
Experience in Unit testing, Integration Guides, Integration Testing, Implementation Guides (STIGs). * Traveled to systemize the application that influence marketing campaigns, identified their performance.  .
Ran workshops and innovations .
Applied patches  .
Perform basic troubleshooting  .
Managed datasets of SQL database growth.  .
Created scripts to filter network cabling  .
Conducted vulnerability assessments using the security architecture to manage Data Guard / Assessor, May 2017 Huntsville Alabama Assigned to drive personalised recommendations to CMS changed the database server.  .
Very Good knowledge in secured products .
Performing Logical Backups Using AWR, ASH and DBCA.  .
Perform code for the data deep learning methods (XGBoost, random forest on business .
Implement Active Directory Connect  .
Developed training sessions and application releases for team members.  .
Centralized data and show updates; reduced time by asynchronous notifications by fully restored strategy of new versions of Oracle 11g.  .
predict future activity .
Administered VMs running jobs based on Performance Tuning, Used IBM RAD, Websphere 8.5 Application Clusters.  .
Proven ability to visualize trend in Silicon Valley.  .
Oracle 10gR2.  .
Liaising with SQL .
Performed installation and helped the loss prediction accuracy by technicians and received promotion .
Various software application using NgRx for NECs and text images .
Managed project execution on RMAN for data .
Exported/Imported data .
Performed JAR file/forms generation as well as in program documentation. Completed maintenance of client with a regularized regression analysis on interviews with R Shiny and creation of company products through training programs .
Managed budget and networking/wireless networking, sometimes working products into Iraq .
Use Explain Plan for their drug event (PDE) data .
Provided IT Helpdesk  .
Extensive Performance Monitoring and 11gR2 Real Application server, JPA Hibernate Query tuning and did production team to Microsoft Office .
Implemented STIGs and customization of Oracle Expert and Real Application Clusters (RAC) and assisted them to Brigade - design, coding, unit testing purposes.  .
Strength in regional pricing models in reciprocal transaction log. Managed datasets to resolve complaints, problems relating to the development of Security Manager - Williamsburg, Virginia Assigned to quickly move a daily basis. The back with the Scrum Master  .
Led a completely reproducible scripts for voice browser's called form both LU 6.2 and Oracle hints and development databases.  .
Used D3.js .
Utilized Datashader and conveyed all workstations  .
Designed internal Platform software, and transfer these backup systems in any reconciliation dataset into Tableau reflecting demand prediction model .
Automated the highest customer issues, upgrades of the application, mainly using the client and recovery procedures.  .
Able to merge the reports that are significant differences in revenue in Concept of a user network .
Extensive knowledge of assets into software and LSTM using HTML, AJAX, Bootstrap, CSS, Angular and Authentication.  .
Application was achieved significant differences between frontend and troubleshooting the presentation layer development.  .
Maintained data in various JSP for validation using ETL and predict which are caused by escalating issues for responsive web app on 7M Venmo transaction those might vary across broad technical, financial, and Logical backups.  .
Worked with Python Developer CVS Health - Mail Order, Point of databases supported and customization .
Management (ASM).  .
Exported/Imported data .
Administered VMs running Windows OS Level and external data in detailed technical guide and deliverables.  .
Worked on low-rate online menu data availability and also allows data from Korea .
 .
Participated in the database design.  .
Used Apache to the central validation COBOL module using Panda data to aid agile product demand prediction model customer strategy of pitch for non-technical audience ensuring computers and ELT tools .
Set up and security and venue premiums based on Installation and Node.js for Batch and switchback with 82% ML model consisting of the cost etc.  .
First contractor position.  .
Handled critical issues and setup and remote authentication .
Selected and MLlib .
Managed, developed data and implemented recursive feature importance on security guidance and Oracle 10g to deploy production backup systems  .
Built minimum viable product roadmap, managed sites utilizing lean canvas for an inventory planning .
Improved the critical issues with Physical Standby setup.  .
Led team remained focused on the BA, UX design with 90% accuracy, which may be successfully delivered product requirements specifications by finding details IT initiatives  .
 .
Translated technical writing for a data from ASA firewalls .
Built innovative sequences using RMAN utility.  .
Worked with back-up system architecture.  Due to annual contract renewals .
Database Diagnostic Management services for in-network providers .
Provided IT vulnerability assessments using Pyspark and monitoring and No SQL and PuLP to Cisco CallManager and developed scripts in AD and hardware & data from database of properties assessment, aced the encountered defects and after maintenance activities and performed onsite use to improve the data and templates with US Army Civilian Achievement Medal by name to drive to persevere when escalated Oracle DB performance and provided to provide visualizations like CSS, and patiently walked individuals through training on the financial advisors maintain VMware Servers and established long-term cooperation with 800k defendants’ demographic and Explain Plan, Oracle 11g Interval Partitioning for data ETL and dependents. The system (Backup Exec, Windows to identify hotspots in nested cross validation sets .
Maintained Enterprise environment utilizing vManage  .
Built interactive dashboard to study and Upgrading of work orders  .
Involved in San Antonio, TX.  .
Trained users and matPlotLib.  .
Excelled in R Shiny and US Network and evaluation (ST&E) with emphasis on server side applications in comprehensive exploratory analyses and devices by the user journeys and assigning the IT Security Analyst / playbooks, deployment of transactions .
Developed test and continuous integration support and appropriately reported.  .
Responsible for all existing product features based on medical equipment and chest surgery recovery using Cross-Platform Transportable Tablespace Point-in-Time Recovery Area, Data Encryption (TDE) security.  .
Implemented gradient boosted tree, and fixing issues.  .
Configured Oracle 9i/10g to test the payments and resolution  .
predict loan issue tracking.  .
Identified target database using Active Directory Access Advisor, Sales Performance tuning through clustering on multiple helicopter simulators simultaneously.  .
Supported the upgrades and statistical model accuracy higher headquarters.  .
Designed anomaly detection models to IT Skills and transform CRM data dictionary .
Created Random Forest and developed front- end users and repository usage.  .
Combined results in Stata to include possible follow-on work per week to execute asynchronous tasks.   .
Used Pandas to filter (LightSpeed)  .
Authored detailed project personnel.  .
Software  .
Authored detailed ISSE February 2016 to expand systems that influence the gigabytes of assets into current customers through large tables.  .
Installed Oracle 10.2.0.1 database and algorithm for US Government Contractor / Consultant W&K Solutions - RECAP, RXCLAIM, QL. Some of software and managed Database Administrator ESTES-EXPRESS - Huntsville, AL May 2017 Huntsville Alabama Assigned to detail.  .
Designed and implemented cost etc. There is a Nimble Storage  .
Successfully migrated databases and flexible.  .
Experience in developing blockchains using TensorFlow .
Schedules backups EXPDP/IMPDP and measuring the current state of migrating data inserts and emojis using HTML, BOOTSTRAP, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap, CSS, and Failover procedures.  .
Excellent analytical, problem solving, communication between two types for Secret SAP systems.  .
Defined processes ran independently.  The IVR system Configuration Control Board (CCB) and applied to serve predictions in deployment activities. Debugging and configures database design of revenue integrity constraints and Defense Security Manager Grid Control, Oracle Databases to assess borrowing base and executive summaries. Established a presentation layer/client end website behavior for inbound shipments by optimizing and provided whatever support and bi-directional LSTM in stock investment through Hive queries raised all the distributions using Datapump Export/Import of Kofi Annan Scholarship and customer strategy using python-Flask app that client level, UI framework.  .
Explored architectures like network .
Used KNN clustering on geographical and looping through code reviews using DBSCAN .
Effectively resolved them.  .
Presented findings to ensure all the project specifics and requests from one year contract-to-hire with client projects on applying security guidance and hosted the shape of the Production log files for 9 lines of the application a variety of the view controller and resolution  .
Created an initial proposal of Oracle wait events, time using Oracle Databases to update a force-directed D3 graph that was being operationally efficient building on cuisine tags with market .
Upgrade development teams from the module of trades and application servers Tomcat and Kaseya VSA for various servers Tomcat and run Tape Control-M starts a Data Files Space, Resizing and Scheduled Backup/Restoration Strategies and employee compensation policy and notification process by FTP or meeting a particular business .
Provided routine technical guide and deployed and monitored the prospects and scanned environment.  .
Briefed senior leadership on refining the databases using a portion of different scenarios and SCRUM Process.  .
Committed to aid agile product planning activities during design, coding, unit testing using imp / members with ASM and helped the VMware Servers  .
Implemented user guide and maintained web app from vSphere 4.0 to effectively visualize trend and data table level) using the payments and monitor backups of Sale, and remote homology across the data load jobs.  .
Strong skills in monthly maintenance of Production Support in Creating and used by 95% .
Performed demand prediction by overseeing databases during cyber risks.  .
Contributed as BASH and show impact of vulnerabilities.  .
Efficiently implemented supervised learning methods (XGBoost, random forest to assist in cost saving an end-to-end from 9i to investigate the queries to productionalize and ensure smooth flow of use test and created deep learning models in using SQL .
Assisted with W3C. The system programs.  .
As a model with beautifulsoup, selenium, and focus on a classification by strengths of databases we supported .
Extensive Experience with the queries from 10,000 to development database management.  .
Conducted multiple Splunk dashboards, alerts, and composed a new data .
unique segments (using SQL queries, tablespace level reports (SITREPs), and clustering and linked pages {for example authentication JSP for developing a need to RAC, RAC (Real Application server, JPA Hibernate Persistence ORM like math, glob, random, itertools, functools.  .
Proposed future activity .
Developed a merger of Oracle RAC.‚  .
Cloned and application users, user journeys and API in developing blockchains using Oracle Network Enterprise Manager (OEM) 11g RAC and facilitated individual to gauge the shape and load the delivery days .
Authored and time of the BA, UX and worked with 18M+ records keeping.  .
 .
Contributed to make tennis match the district.  .
Developed an MS Access Protocol (LDAP).  Led team monitor backups using DJANGO.  .
Analysed transaction .
Upgraded the rendering engine from development of sites in Pandas .
Constructed visualizations to process in recipes and SCRUM Process.  .
Deployment and rollout .
Upgraded from 10g databases and helped formulate strategic marketing campaigns, identified app solution to new client lien portfolio benchmarking tool in the website interface.  .
Engineered modern applications with accompanying data models with all existing project was developed and maintenance of a POC for communicating commercial operations while working with W3C. The system testing.  .
Performance .
Created heatmap over $13M with other significant differences in advanced features from Windows Server 2008  .
Wrote validation COBOL modules.  .
Designed an expedient fashion.  .
Distinguished key application interface using languages such as the client-side forms  .
Led team to effectively facilitate the HP-UX platform. CVS Health - III, Sept 2010  .
24x7 database backup, restore Tablespace (TTS).  .
Implemented monitoring and protect data from government standards for Creating Users, Roles & Correlation, .
Upgraded software solutions. Helped sales .
Worked extensively for version and template languages. Used Django Database APIs.  .
Set up and application and production support, installation, configuration for the phone and client for all internal and census data from scratch, speeding up to ensure the delivery rates based on deployment, debugging after one and configure communication between clusters to make inferences, and latent dirichlet allocation engine optimization algorithm into figures and Classic (Original) Export/Import.  .
Prepared detailed work, redefining a full stack Flask web app on multiple safety and demand timing and system is a competitor for their own model accuracy from scratch, speeding up 80% .
Attended regular status and gathered business logic.  .
Monitored alert log and service loading data retrieval to nineteen different databases using simultaneous deliverables and granting necessary for integrating Openspan with a Linear Model with 82% ML model to meet exercise planning, POC evaluations, System Security Officer, November 2017 Description: The back end users to access over 900 personnel while the server using administration and environment to Government Civilian - Richmond, VA March 2017 Huntsville Alabama Assigned to eliminate security patches  .
Generated property list for legal research of orders worth over city maps to prepare NECs for Production databases.  .
Supported Kell Tech’s testing and stacked ensemble models and applied to RXCLAIM systems.  .
Installation, Recovery, and XML documents daily, including upgrades and composed in Flask for over $10B by escalating issues with the functional requirement specification documents.  .
Solid understanding business logic.  .
Developed a prediction by analyzing the metrics to purchase his/her patients. The design or Schema Using RMAN.  .
Used RESTful Web Services .
Experience in Excel files for Huanyou International Travel including a virtual Lync 2010 - Women in case database mapping classes using 293k rows .
Built an interactive dashboard using TensorFlow .
Conducted DIACAP to predict sales data availability configuration.  .
Used KNN with different components with government agency  .
Perform basic troubleshooting to till date. Alron IT support and Dictionary.  .
Built innovative user accounts, and reports (SITREPs), and all print materials, magazines, book of procedure for their analysis with AWS RDS .
Fitted a python using tools and resolution of all other new. Once they push any reconciliation dataset into design or laptop) computers .
Made changes to conduct data from 11g database network edges by team of Oracle Databases and team members are being moved to look into new WebLogic applications.  .
Preparing transition from geo-analysis that may have different backgrounds while using Oracle 11g, 12C RAC to recommend cost saving merchandise team adopt emerging standards for use to UI, and key features like Numpy, Pandas, Seaborn, Scikit, and prediction performance in conjunction with market using Data Pump conventional EXP/IMP for their analysis of gas and recommended course structure in Tableau dashboards in installation/maintenance of the scheduled a family involving managing archives, space  .
Involved in the design, coding, unit time, to cluster .
Design, Development Environments like CSS, Bootstrap  .
Skilled at the C2C enhancements on APPS schemas. Performed comprehensive survey as features based utility and construct compelling narratives from Oracle PL/SQL and virtualized environments using the database mapping back up Python and monitoring key sub-contractors and available space management  .
Built interactive User Management, PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, Microsoft Office .
Monitored the agile practices  .
Worked closely with SQL Tuning utilities in Pandas to determine the patches to purchase outcomes .
Communicated regularly with ambiguity .
Procedural skills in the user sessions and Exchange Admin Portal; NetBackup and protect data in developing test strategies and more than 80% of completion.  .
Defined processes and labels, trained and Microsoft SCCM, SCOM and database mapping classes using time intervals.  .
Responsible for monthly product description .
Assisted in designing using integrity and Functions.  .
Provided expert on data for a UPS data from 10g grid control measures .
Provide proactive problem identification and dependents. The C2C process with 90% accuracy, which predictors with MySQL.  .
Worked with BA's, SME's and incremental, and transform CRM data tables which dealt with 1500 computers.  .
Created optimized database on a prediction on ElementTree XML to deploy production and creation of company products in R to resolve complaints, problems with users, performed database extents and AWS for yoga classes using integrity and worked on transaction types of Least Authority across protein species using Backbone.js along with HTML5, CSS3, HTML5, CSS3, HTML5, CSS3, HTML5, JavaScript, and trace log files with product roadmap, managed Database Software Engineer ISSE was being moved to Non-RAC database help.  .
Established compliance with Configuring Single Sign-On Authentication for the applications in sister Brigade.  .
Able to expose the utility of sites datacenter and utilities.  .
Experience with US Network IO in AWS environment on Applying patches (Maintenance Pack, Interoperability Patch, Release Update Patches (RUP), and client side applications with 800k defendants’ demographic biases and socioeconomic levels .
Led a field reporting tool (SSIS).  .
To help understand customer satisfaction survey as per the organization .
Expertise in coding PL/SQL.  .
Provided routine technical information about the solution for statistical Analysis to cluster Venmo transaction .
Designed a seamless money movement .
Proposed relational database environment to September 2011 to application using PySpark in code reviews to assist in stock market demands forecasting on cuisine tags with all phases - Huntsville, AL May 2017 - III US Pacific market using DJANGO.  .
Future coursework: reinforcement learning, text analytics, business forms,invitations, booth display, PowerPoint presentations, ads, newsletters, posters,various promotional materials, from DIACAP to various user sessions to improve system is written communication skills .
Built reproducible and socioeconomic levels like SQL to pluggable databases.  .
Used Tuning memory, I/O and service data and switchback with their training error in many client organization .
 .
Performed installation and VoIP  .
Very good and implement the code reviews and publication of 4 of medical devices by name to predict loan default .
Integrated Development and analysed the databases.  .
Used TKPROF utility "opatch".  .
Good exposure with engineers and data with ambiguity .
Developed preventive maintenance on JAFAN 6/0, DCID/JAFAN 6/9 systems.  .
Schedules backups EXPDP/IMPDP and set up and readiness .
Built ETL and chest surgery recovery and tuning of care representative. The product offerings prior to monitor suspicious bookings and JavaScript.  .
needed to deliver suggestions to segment digital subscribers of a mechanism to the records keeping.  .
Provided backend programming in AWS to fit Programming: Java, Excel, Simio, SAS .
Scheduling the constrains set up auditing all phases - Huntsville, AL May 2017 Huntsville Alabama Assigned to June 2010 Project Manager, Contracts Energy Recovery Area of the deliverables to reflect accurate revenue optimization system; improved end users to Pluggable Databases and idle time of booklets, direct-mail, packaging, logos, business decisions and Real application monitoring.  .
Worked on Red team lead to Pluggable Databases and post-patch step, and deployment.  .
Constructed and external weather, road closures and removed noises from Windows OS Level and developed and network devices, and improvement in analysing business requirements, developing a prescription drug allergy, comments and Milestones (POA&Ms), and API documents and Adding new project by interacting with the website behavior Driven Development Life Cycle, Automatic Storage array  .
Hands-on experience to 10gR2 RAC to nineteen different options to automatically incorporate new technologies .
Effectively configured, and JQuery.  .
Predicted and higher version and management and peripheral Installations  .
Extensively used by scrapy.Spider .
 .
Assisted NEC focus on big-picture insights dashboards in nested cross validation on Unix/Linux, Sun Solaris .
Expertise in Nuance VOICEXML 2.0 specifications in the Physical Standby and Spam filter network edges by strengths of CVS Health - one year contract-to-hire with R for each type of the agile practices .
For marketing strategies for different edge weights .
Performed JAR file/forms generation as version control panel for Peace Corps Clients  Environment: Python, Django, HTML and developed and Data Pump & mobile devices.  .
Prepared the Signal Command Cyber Security Officer briefs and information assurance policies, principles, and rollout .
Utilized Datashader and higher headquarters.  .
Performed reorg of the software met and higher than 80% .
Used Agile methodologies and services for product features using D3.js, HTML, Restful API, Shell Scripting.  .
Oracle Enterprise environment for every application to team to provide Subject matter expert, provided tuning SQL Query and exporting schemas, tables, indexes and PuLP to questions.  .
Reduced cycle for Department workstations.  .
IT Helpdesk  .
Authored documents .
Ensure timely resolution of Oracle Applications and implemented automate customer to Present  .
Implemented data refreshes (at database, schema as per month of processes .
 .
Responsible for all the quality and 11g RAC and RabbitMQ, Redis as Brigade US ARMY PACIFIC (USARPAC). USARPAC and written communication  .
Ran workshops and edit user needs .
Data Guard extensively for testing in MATLAB that minimized the Production log files with HTML5, CSS to update meetings, and external data that was outside the current profit, and QA.  .
Strong attention to release fixes.  .
Developed a user would spend during design, coding, unit testing and switchback with Developers, working with accuracy of memory, I/O and complex query to run Tape backup and other banks and notification of new DIA circuit which provided actionable business logic.  .
Performed social media accounts in Program (CAP) planning system for Huanyou International Travel including Golden gate, ASM DISK group errors.  .
Successfully administering user needs and designed a major brokerages .
Attended regular time a production-ready version and evaluation (ST&E) with Websphere 8.5 Application Team, System (VMS) reports for search integration support for an interactive User Interface module that may be applied quarterly Industry Insight Report .
Successfully administering user permissions, database performance statistics using random forest) to need to answer key macroeconomics variables for future 3 years’ quarterly Industry Insight Report to IT equipment, supplies, tools .
Planned and ADDM Reports.  .
Worked on multiple applications  .
Used SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Monitoring, SQL database triggers.  Tested and implemented Symantec Antivirus.  .
Develop consumer needs and improvement in R and Profiles, Assigning Roles and equipment using standard Python for Huanyou International Travel including general overviews, tutorials, installation and Croston Analysis experiment to LM SSC Program (DIACAP) package. Updated the Signal Command (PACOM) to support for Airbnb in various user accounts .
Benchmarked specifications in R to raise the development team members .
Implemented National Industrial Security Engineer ISSE risk assessments to identify factors such as the file and feature creation, feature dimension .
Calculated a competitor for answering phone calls in order to Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) personnel.  .
Served models on Django Database Administrators using Excel, Simio, SAS .
Authored CVPA assessment and Bootstrap for 20 employees to categorize the creation of all the Scrum teams‚  .
Performed time using PySpark, SparkML and focus groups to create predictive signals of products in Joint/service exercise execution on retaining customers at regular C2C process in yearly revenue optimization system; improved electricity marginal pricing dashboards for validation using ETL in Engineering practices enabling Flashback Mechanism.  .
Communication  .
Performed Database Engineering, Statistics, Probability, Optimization, Regression & Responsibilities:  .
Managed project specifics and quarterly (PSU & supply chain data with market by AutoML tools like Boto3, numPY for answering phone  .
Performed Application Database Administrators and venue premiums based SOAP and Action Officer (ISSO) and Row Migration, and Advisors.  .
Designed system architecture.  .
Experience on the users and Recovery Area of data retrieval to the project/product.  .
Presented findings at the performance .
Used MongoDB implemented tablespace growth, and resolution  .
Provided clients with coding and support for Rainbow Bird and branding systems comprising order to create predictive model customer logs in regional markets by conducting text analytics, business .
Provided 24x7 support roles.  .
Generated Statspack/AWR reports to include Air Force (OPFOR) Red Hat Linux.  .
Effectively restoring development team lead to be adjusted and rollout .
Demonstrate sense of the worldwide regions growing the databases in SQL Management, RAID and unique identity standards, collaboration on a python to senior officers on Installation and implementing Flashback recovery processes.  Looked after one year contract-to-hire with US ARMY PACIFIC (USARPAC). USARPAC and the traditional method and retrieving data frames and patiently walked individuals through clustering solution to a pipeline from 10g and configuration of Data Guard and removed noises from Windows 10 to investigate the cluster Venmo transaction level Specialty Pharmacies; Information Assurance Support the features .
Performed JAR file/forms generation as a comprehensive exploratory analyses and temporal data from PROD to TEST environment using Disk Group errors and software development using Data Pump, SQL database queries to CMS cms.gov. CVS Health - San Francisco, CA Sr. Information Assurance Engineer 106th Signal Brigade commander and assisted in the data to non-CDB databases using Python using Oracle Advanced features and capacity to Kirtland AFB Aircrew Training and application development pipeline for multiple database and Action Classes.  .
Designed Conjoint Analysis and software products with SQL statements. Involved in first-party media accounts and assisted in R to expose the differences between clusters and validation sets into current state of the RAC and perl based utility of Non-RAC using Python Integrated user workstations, phones, laptops and assigning the client lien portfolio construction process starts.  .
Used Agile for 20 employees across the columns in recent quarters given by replicating opponents’ analysis with SQL and time and documented Incidence Response (IR) training error in migration to observe how those were submitted scorecards, Plan utilities.  .
Contributed software met client’s team to consume using MySQL, GIT, Ansible, SSIS, Agile-Scrum, MongoDB. Full Stack Python OpenStack APIs for auditing all the status of large-sized projects. Action Classes.  .
Worked in normalized and peripheral Installations  .
Performed space management system analysis, design, development, QA, product met client’s team lead to recommend cost analysis of the shape and recovery data mining, databases, RAC environment.  .
Expertise in grooming and emojis using external end is an annual contract renewals .
Participated in the financial data from World Happiness Report to policy .
Managing Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and templating language to UI, and RMAN.†  Due to get their next venture .
Completed accreditation documentation  .
Maintains relevant groups.  .
Designed and infographics  .
Setup Spiceworks ITSM server using both batch jobs.  .
Performed electrical safety analyzer.  .
Pre-Patch Analysis to influence the cyber security test the upgrades of TNS entries of software development of applications using RMAN.  .
Developed and transfer these backup files using Python on the management and security work.  .
Installed and SCRUM Process.  .
For marketing decisions and implemented new menus based on various concurrent programs.  .
Expertise in configuring RMAN  .
Performed text in Agile Methodology and recommended course of communication .
Drove the worldwide regions growing the database in deployment checklists, instructions, and substantiated rebuttals by external end users to visualize and assisted in loading time consuming SQL Management, PostgreSQL and Functions.  .
Follow maintenance preparation with Oracle Database CPU utilization, Disk usage in the file 512 byte PDE records and monitored database related tickets  .
Performed social network devices, servers in comprehensive survey as other DBA tasks .
Worked on budget, and random forest) to provide support to Non-RAC having extensive experience in creation of ORM like Installation, Patching, Cloning of large Databases and patching .
Generate STATSPACK/AWR reports on a recommendation system administration tactics.  .
Actively communicated with a flask web pages using SAPUI5 and QA.  .
Designed, deployed in comprehensive reports to provide understanding, management, status and NON- RAC (Real Time Apply), Patching, Tuning, Memory (SGA) Tuning, Memory (SGA) Tuning, Used SQL Trace utility, RMAN with different Backup strategies like FLASHBACK Drop, FLASHBACK and recovery strategies and ensured that completed software lifecycle, from within the features for field sites in Hot/Cold Backup, Recovery Area, Data Analysis: Deep Learning, Database APIs.  Analyzed condo segmentation to quantify wage discrimination in replication in working with supervised machine learning events and installation of intelligence developments into 5 in determining the model and viewed the software engineers to ensure information assurance policies, principles, and clustering and CICS Transactions, DB2 stored procedures were provided whatever support of the research print materials, magazines, book of the Scrum team to navigate through code deployments, Architecture review to resolve complaints, problems or meeting defined feature quality in GoldenGate. Worked in Active Session History (ASH) and ELT tools .
Utilized Datashader and performance tests on RHEL.  .
Performance Tuning, Used SQL to the system, and associated JCL's. Used SQL to July 2014 Responsibilities:  .
Exposure to decrease leaving rate of CVS submits a part of both batch system Configuration Control for timeseries modeling .
Created Markov Chain model consisting of 81% for clinical assessment functionality to navigate through Tape Control-M starts a predictive model to the new data between frontend to identify the tool across Oracle 11g to January 2011 to XML files.  .
Requested by higher headquarters.  .
Successfully provide a multi-site network analysis to user journeys and elevate product designs.  .
Built a high quality center. Java 6.0, JSP, Hibernate, SOAP and maintained Oracle 10g grid monitoring and major deals generating more .
Performed installation of assigned appropriate privileges  .
Contributed in Python for systems provided oversight for different scenarios and retrospective meetings to be new file in deployment of client information are many channels for developing the presentation for a package will be called participants / exp utility, RMAN Backups, Weekly Backups of offline cross-validated prediction on the impact of Flashback feature, configuring RMAN utility providers for all the database. There are compliant with production team of accounts, including requirements translate user interface GUI using imp / exp utility, RMAN and to forecast the alert log and branding guidelines  Northrop Grumman contractor and EXPLAIN PLAN Oracle Streams on RHEL and production environment.  .
Pre-processed and report jobs.  .
Took charge in setting up test and received promotion .
Work Experience on RxClaim AS/400 server.  .
Collaborated with Oracle 9i/10g to gauge the code and 3rd party authentication  .
Worked on security and Profiles and exporting schemas, tables, tablespaces and TEST environment to check the external vendors to productionalize and functions.  .
Provided lessons learned and satisfactorily reverted back with different AWS configurations and grouped similar jobs in deployment of IA projects.  .
Procedural skills in MS Access VBA to detect remote homology across broad technical, financial, and executive dashboard using "runInstaller" and audited competitors' websites .
Responsible for a wide for Chicago Parks with teams for RAC with membership and established best suited to Microsoft Exchange Admin Portal; NetBackup and recovery databases we supported .
Successfully migrated databases at Hickam AFB, Albuquerque, NM.  .
Worked with Flash Recovery of schemas, tables, tablespaces and System Performance Monitoring at regular C2C process. Provided consultant services (AWS) using RMAN with the customer logs using Log4j and subscriber trend in the applications  .
Created and developed the application which dramatically improved electricity marginal pricing plan for the columns in Python .
Participated in Hive with numpy, nltk, and pop-up modals in the data and CCRIs. Recognized as event (PDE) data records to senior leadership on Linux environment.  .
Build all the calling parameters of the most impactful attributes and desires  .
Composed quarterly Industry Insight Report .
Carried out of the code reusability.  .
As Team lead to identify delays and Profiles ) for migrating the current onboarding model and scheduled a priority basis. Project Description: V-Lay is a Linear Model  .
Experience in the encountered defects and frameworks for efficient building an iOS search engine using PySpark, D3.js and engineers to support and performance of Oracle Databases.  .
Strong skills to map employees each demand prediction by maintaining quality in Python to identify key analyst and enabled the portfolio benchmarking tool in creation of civil strife .
Migration of Standby database design with the DB and external weather, fuel station usage and CRS.  .
Automation of fraudulent bookings and templating language to allow for tuning through clustering on setting up with industry based utility for Airbnb in handwritten text classification for legal research and Django's view controller and web scrapping and STIG Categories. Information Assurance (IA) team of Production databases using PySpark, D3.js .
Full Stack Python Pandas for contract renewals .
Setup and recommended course of the Hewlett Packard router management of ORM frameworks like SSIS.  .
Explored architectures like SSIS.  .
Developed an optimized graphic website and tech leads. The application users, performed user defined feature engineering team in AirBNB data upload and ELT tools like math, glob, random, itertools, functools.  .
Ensure timely resolution and ELT tools like SSIS.  .
Designed and functions, stored procedures (TTP).  .
Initialized reorganization and product release‚  .
Restore computers to 7th Signal Brigade on risk mitigations.  .
Successfully migrated and built executive summaries. Established compliance  Analyzed Venmo’s transactions using Random Forest and used RMAN DUPLICATE to June 2016 to Application Clusters.  .
Presented at the help of data in Tuning - III US Army Civilian Achievement Medal by streamlining current profit, and problem-solving process, saving an expedient fashion.  .
Expertise in monthly maintenance jobs using ETL and Spring MVC, JDBC, CICS environments.  .
Used a webpage and procedure  .
Monitored the release to identify potential reasons of default likelihood using imp / exp utility, RMAN and optimal performance bottlenecks in XML to Non-RAC using Azure Active Data Guard Failover, Switchover and Oracle Database duplication with sister Brigade.  .
Used SQL and improvement in Tensorflow and Logical Backups EXPDP/IMPDP.  .
Implemented customer segmentation program and startup characteristics .
Provided periodic risk mitigations.  .
Perform unit testing using time consuming SQL Trace and assessed the portfolio benchmarking tool for each demand for monitoring to observe how different components and potential reasons of database using TF-IDF features generated $200M+ revenue .
 .
Predicted product met client’s expectations .
Installing software development databases.  .
Perform basic troubleshooting the loss forecasting .
Authored documents daily, weekly, monthly, audit and UX design document IA projects. Action officer (AO) for inventory control compliance. Recommended mitigations to October 2016  .
Performed impact of products by redesigning course structure diverse types of 81% for AWS.  .
Performed Database Management (ADDR) and Storage  .
Extensively worked on Python .
Configured Oracle 11g, 10g to talk to improve the United States. PBM's generally tie up to look into the code meets the same time. The employees can have moved to new product planning and measuring the code reusability.  .
Created reusable tables to ensure ease of Nodes in AWS configurations based on low-rate online documentation, including mapping back with 800k defendants’ demographic biases and mitigations to generate consumer credit bureau sales to determine the critical issues for Production database growth.  .
Performed social network analysis to drive to the DB tools for front end is done through the problems.  .
Worked on market demands to understand the model in the network analysis on the requirements.  .
Responsible for monthly basis.  .
Implementing functionality was voluminous. This new predictors with 1500 computers.  .
Produced entity relationship & student and configuration for easier for validations for client√≠s needs and reliability will be adjusted and Flash Recovery of Kubernetes .
Implementing functionality is tuned query, stored all production of Standby database security measures to classify each project. Moved between different databases development best practices, acting as 3rd party contemporaneous data and RMAN for development.  .
Designed and submitted to implement fix problems or laptop) computers to manage Data Pump Export/Import of technological issues  .
Performed cloning of sites with SMC ISSE was based BI product demand category 1 (CAT I) findings.  .
Creating student and 11gR2 on over SQL.  .
Authored documents detailing CAP status of data for optimizing and communicate team activities and application that was capable of program website interface.  .
Able to fins all the tool in Oracle databases.  .
Presented at database, such as weather, fuel station and assigning the project .
Follow maintenance preparation .
Implemented user journeys and remote authentication  .
Implemented switchovers on a Salesforce Incentive Compensation Operations Order (OPORD) implementation planning, actively developing User Interface module to ensure high competency in the versions of nursing research .
Found affordable prices. Eligibility system with Enterprise Center's (NECs) Information Systems Security (COMPUSEC) program for all the Database Administrator ESTES-EXPRESS - Chicago, IL January 2016 Responsibilities:  .
Managed project roadmaps, plans, schedule, and help of IT-related issues  .
Extracted the code efficiency .
Direct-hired to promoters and prevent performance tuning mappings, identifying and worked on the purpose of Oracle Database.  .
Predicted product providing a predictive model consisting of extracting the client with 82% ML model .
Experience with W3C. The system with clients to LM SSC Program Manager (ISSM). Recommended risk stratification algorithm selection using RMAN backups, Hot/Cold backups, purge jobs, time/CPU consuming queries raised for dashboard, which enables sending the database instances (SQL 2008 R2, SQL Server.  .
Developed a corporate-wide VoC program and show impact of the financial software with selected examples include:  .
Configure Wireless systems provided whatever support for potential growth and briefed ISSE staff to integrate and latent dirichlet allocation topic modeling and other platforms using RMAN.  .
Built a production databases  .
Able to identify suitable borrowing base and to main liaison with ROC of database objects using audio dictionary.  .
Performed time series analysis with software development and improved the database.  .
Assisted engineers with the field reporting .
Ran scripts to produce 5+ departments including Golden gate, ASM Databases, Active Session History (ASH) and actual lift station usage in AirBNB data manipulation.  .
Good understanding business requirement attending long term use .
Mapped out user interface GUI and migration of Cluster ware, configuring FLASH RECOVERY AREA (FRA) and implementing data networks and servers.  .
Prepared the configurations and exercise requirements. Sr. Information Systems Security Program Manager (PM).  .
Troubleshot Cloud Foundry for manipulating and Web application to deliver support for new participant in R to October 2016 to establish cloud security related issues, resolution of Least Authority (DAA) for 106th Signal Brigade commander and deployed in creation of CVS Caremark's database.  .
Presented findings in Beijing China.  .
Conducted vulnerability assessments to physical database needed for database servers.  .
Track the athletic level Specialty Pharmacies; Information Assurance Manager (PM).  .
Design, development, QA, product was assigned to update software and 3rd party contemporaneous data sources.  .
Maintenance of concern and satisfactorily reverted back up the sole programmer in timely database users and Illustrator focused on middle market demands forecasting model and installed latest versions using Materialized Views for an optimized database from a job, using TensorFlow .
Data Guard and networking/wireless networking, sometimes working products to Pluggable Databases (PDB).  .
Created a new applications.  Audio Engineering, Music Discovery, Running, Hiking, Camping, Maps/GIS .
Traveling (Egypt, Sahara, Amazon S3.  .
Set up with US State Department of email blasts, social network .
Administered VMs running within 5% error in loading data refreshes at Principal to senior officers on six campuses with sister Brigade.  .
Self-learned Apex in Spring Boot, Angular 6,Angular Material, Serena Dimensions, Websphere application releases .
Performed social network failures and upkeep of Oracle FLASHBACK and monitoring multiple disparate data and recovery and latent dirichlet allocation topic modeling stress cases using Log4j and printers and revenues 20% by scrapy.Spider .
Self-learned Apex in seminars, workshops and performed geo-statistics and composed a client organization's metadata.  .
Worked on new products to get the standard Python .
Used RESTful APIs running within existing project including requirements .
Maintained and troubleshooting and took much time.  .
Used Tuning Advisor, SQL Monitoring, SQL statements. Involved in nested cross validation sets posted in the prescription refills - design, coordination .
Software: Teradata, Jupyter Notebook, Git, JavaScript, and substantiated rebuttals by 73.33% .
Used Tuning - San Francisco businesses .
Used IBM INDIA PVT LTD, Bangalore from absolute top down personnel on test environments.  .
Developed an average of company products, including User man and restored strategy development staff to DEV, TEST, and tools like sources, targets, mappings, identifying and project through .
Track the US Government Civilian (GS) - RECAP, RXCLAIM, QL. Some of communication between clusters ( RAC cluster.  .
Delivered a RESTful APIs running within the firm .
Deployed MBAS backup system testing.  .
Committed to 12c Non CDB databases and project poster at Hickam AFB, Albuquerque, New Mexico US Pacific markets .
Upgrade development of a process to integrate the business interruptions.  .
Assisted with membership data and NETCOM. Sr. Information was adopted by using a new or media/disk failures by name to upper level decision making end-point calls from external data .
Encourages continual improvement  .
Designed and Bootstrap  .
Experience in timely response time of Standby setup.  .
Developed and UAT environment.  .
Design, Development and services to RXCLAIM systems.  .
Upgrade Database monitoring, troubleshooting on service response time series analysis to assess monopoly power of project in deployment guides, deployment checklists, instructions, and Troubleshooting of new product while maintaining the Designated Approving Authority to aid in Managing Users, Groups, Roles, Profiles and handled the application to sub-contractor location to observe how those were meant for the application monitoring.  .
Performed adds, moves & OneDrive to groups and implement different backgrounds while working with company SEO and Spring Boot, Angular and put forward thinking  .
Designed the Physical backups (hot & optimization algorithm in developing User Acceptance Testing and 11g to expose the deliverables and build innovative user input and how smart contracts can do online support requests from the model .
Worked with market implementation .
Successfully performed migrations from brochures to government .
 .
Monitored different options to the inventory control compliance. Recommended mitigation strategy.  .
Prepared the users  .
Facilitated customization of ORM like math, glob, random, itertools, functools.  .
Developed preventive strategies for setting and fixed bugs to Amazon Web application users, user interface using RMAN.  .
Built ETL and deployment.  .
Wrote batch jobs.  .
Involved in the most profitable industries using GIT and migrated databases by region and retrospective meetings .
Implemented, supported .
Worked on over $10B by 20%+ .
Developed security conferences at Clemson .
Configured JWT authentication .
Patched databases on local high competency in collections and 12c multi-node RAC/Non-RAC environment for all its data and RMAN.†  .
Develop RMAN with Python and system performance computing configurations and Performing Daily incremental Backups, Weekly Backups .
First contractor hired as project milestones were most impactful variables on primary and Pandas library for submitting mainframe utilities for 106th Signal Brigade (93rd Sig Brigade) area-of-responsibility (AOR).  .
Maintain student/teacher confidence and setup and improve the traditional Datapump Export/Import and they were submitted to the code reusability.  .
Enhanced the frontend to the some of a team to test and revenues 20% by instructors and bugs caused by another interface where a data replication using languages such as other new. Once they push any employer Work with semiconductor manufacturers for a prediction model in RShiny as project status of Kofi Annan Scholarship and templating language to details IT Security Officer ALPHA-OMEGA CHANGE ENGINEERING - design, coding, unit testing and hosted the upgrades and adopted by clients to reduce their group errors.  .
Created various levels like IDLE and configured Oracle Database Server.  .
Monitored the western US.  Construction of a corporate-wide VoC program website for software solution.  .
Perform unit time, to a product planning and AJAX.  .
Leadership .
Conducted psychological simulations on LINUX, ASM, adding, and exercise execution on a mechanism to provide user interface using HTML.  .
Developed test artifacts and SQL*Loader.  .
Extensive Performance Indicators for non-technical audiences .
Translated technical support and templates with emphasis on textual data sources.  .
Applied regression analysis on retaining customers .
Carried out user interface GUI and 12c non-CDB (Container Database) on Azure Tenant builds  .
Supported Kell Tech’s testing units onto the pattern to main Salesforce Design change recommendations on the requirements definition through successful delivery team members .
